Copyright laws are changing all over the world. Be sure to check the copyright laws for your country before downloading or redistributing this file. Professor Wood brought a freshness to the study of Australian history that was at that time rare and wrote in a manner that was pleasant for a layman to read and at the same time useful to the student. He stimulated in New South Wales an interest in our history which has grown into a broad swelling movement from which flows a constant stream of books on Australian historical subjects. He strove after and achieved authenticity. This present text is thus exactly as Professor Wood wrote it. Some of his comparisons may now be somewhat outdated but they were valid in their time and still prove clearly the points that he was making. He was able to use the then newly discovered manuscript journal of Captain James Cook and he drew faithfully from the original. The result is a book that can be recommended to the young as well as to older readers. In my opinion there is no more accurate or vivid account of Cook's first voyage. It was not till the 15th Century that European seamen sailed south of the Equator. They had quite enough to do in Europe. Their ships, good enough for inland Seas like the Mediterranean, were not good enough to sail forth into unknown Oceans which stretched no man knew whither. And, moreover, even if their ships had been good enough, seamen would not have dared to leave the coast. For they had no compass to tell them which was North, South, East and West; and they had none of the instruments which now enable seamen, by observing sun, moon and stars, to know where in the world they are, and what they must do in order to get home again. And, further, what reason could you give a sensible man for sailing South? The further South you sailed, he would tell you, the hotter you grew. You sailed into a "roasted sea"; and, if you went on, you would in the end, no doubt, yourself be roasted. And if you had luck, and got through only half-roasted into cooler weather, what would you find there? Greek geographers long ago had said, it is true, that the world was a globe, and that probably there were big, rich and populous lands in the South as well as in the North. But, how absurd was this opinion! A man standing on the down side of a globe will fall off! In later days a few scholars came to understand that it would be possible for both Englishmen and Australians&mdash;if there were Australians&mdash;to stand upright at the same time. But what reason was there to believe that there were Australians, and that, if there were, Australians were people worth knowing? What reason, in short, could you give good enough to persuade a sensible man that it was worth his while to run the risk of being roasted in order to find out what perchance might be the state of the world down South? So&mdash;and this is the second reason that made sensible men change their minds&mdash;ships and nautical instruments had been made that were good enough. Even before this time great improvements had been made. The compass and other instruments had been invented by which seamen were able to find out where they were, and where other places were. And ships had been built that had some chance of sailing right into the unknown, and of coming home again. And now the idea came into the mind of a Prince of Portugal, Henry "the Navigator," to make further improvements so great that his seamen might be able to push through "the roasted sea"&mdash;which after all might prove to be no worse than half-roasted&mdash;till they came to Africa's tip, if Africa had a tip, to round it, and to sail up Africa's other side till they came to Asia. Prince Henry was called "the Navigator," not because he navigated, but because he made it possible for people to navigate. "Stick close to your desk (says the song) And never go to sea, And you all may be the rulers Of the Queen's Navee!" Prince Henry stuck close to his desk, and never went to sea; but at his desk he studied navigation; and, helped by the most famous scholars in Europe, he made the best ocean-going ships, and the best naval instruments that had ever yet been made. And voyage after voyage, Portuguese seamen, in Prince Henry's ships, groped their slow long way down the African coast. It was a very slow way; and when Prince Henry died, after 42 years' hard work, his captains had sailed only as far as a ship now steams in four days! But, though progress was slow it was sure. The seamen sailed through "the roasted sea"; and, hardly worse roasted than before, they came in time to cooler weather. Yet it was a very long way&mdash;far longer than they had hoped. Africa lengthened itself out before you, till you feared it had no tip. But at last, in 1486, they came to the tip, rounded it and called it "the Cape of Good Hope." On Christmas Day, 1497, a Portuguese captain, named Vasco da Gama, sailed round the Cape, and came to a land which he named "Natal"&mdash;the land of Christ's birthday. He sailed along the East coast of Africa, struck across to India, landed, and asked for spices! Now Serrano had a dear friend, named Ferdinand Magellan, who had fought by his side in battles in the East and had now got back to Portugal; and Serrano wished that the friend, who had shared his dangers, should also share his luck. So he wrote to Magellan to tell him the good news. He had found, he said, "yet another new world, larger and richer than that found by Gama!" Magellan, soldier-seaman, strong and true as steel, was eager to go. But he had been listening to voyagers' tales, and had been studying strange new maps, and his plan was to go to the Spice Islands by a new route. And, to understand this new route, we must see the wonderful discoveries that had by this time been made by other seamen. While the Portuguese were groping their slow long way down the coast of Africa, Christopher Columbus was wondering whether he could not make a short cut to Asia by sailing West. Clearly if you sailed West from Europe, you were bound, if only you could sail far enough to sail into Asia. The question was, how far you would have to sail. Columbus believed&mdash;nay, he was quite sure!&mdash;that Japan was only 2500 miles away. That is to say, he thought that the Eastern coast of Asia was no further from Europe than the Eastern coast of America actually is. He hoped, therefore, to reach Asia by a way as much shorter than the Portuguese way as to-day a voyage to America is shorter than a voyage round the Cape to India. Look at a map and see how much shorter it is. After a vast deal of trouble, Columbus persuaded Ferdinand and Isabella, King and Queen of Spain, to give him command of a ship. And in 1492, six years before Gama reached India, he sailed Westward, and hoped to get there first. He sailed 2500 miles; and, as he had expected, he found an island which he believed was Japan: we call it Hayti. And he found a long coast which he believed was the coast of China: we call it the coast of Cuba. And in another voyage more Southward, he came to the mouth of a huge river, which he believed must drain a huge continent to the South of Asia: we call the river the Orinoco, and we call the huge continent South America. And, in his last voyage, he believed that he had nearly discovered the Straits of Malacca in what we call the Isthmus of Panama. He understood the natives to say that the Straits were close by, and that, after passing through them, in ten days' sail he would reach the mouth of the Ganges. Columbus always believed that he had reached Asia. But later voyagers gradually came to understand that the coasts they were sailing along were the coasts, not of the Old World, but of a New World that stretched far North and far South as a barrier between Europe and Asia. That was bad. But, after all, could you not find a passage through this barrier? If so, you might still make a short cut, and reach Asia in a few days. So now began the search for a passage. Some, like Columbus, believed there was a passage through the Isthmus of Panama. But the search for it was in vain. In 1513, Balboa&mdash;"the man who knew not what it was to be deterred"&mdash;climbed a peak in Darien, and saw a sea on the other side&mdash;"the Sea of the South"! But no one could say how big was the sea, nor how far away was Asia. Others looked for a passage further North&mdash;through Virginia, up the Hudson River, up the St. Lawrence, or through some North-West passage; but they also looked in vain. Others sailed Southward, and hoped to find a passage through the "new world" that was taking the shape of South America. And among those who felt that a passage would be found here was Ferdinand Magellan, the Portuguese captain, to whom Serrano had sent news of the "other new world" he had found in the Spice Islands. Magellan determined to go to the Spice Islands by a passage he would find&mdash;he was sure of it&mdash;by sailing further South than any seaman had yet sailed. Once through that passage, he might still perhaps get to Asia by a short cut. As the King of Portugal did not approve his plan, Magellan went to the King and Queen of Spain, and persuaded them to give him the command of five ships. "They are very old and patched," said a Portuguese who saw them, and he hoped they would never be heard of again. And in 1520, sailing in these rotten ships, Magellan found the Strait that bears his name, passed through it, and&mdash;instead of making a short cut&mdash;plunged into "a sea so vast that the human mind can scarcely grasp it." After a very long and very terrible voyage, in which the seamen ate sawdust and leather, and bought rats as "a delicacy," he came at last to the Philippine Islands. He had sailed a course so northerly that he came nowhere near Australia. So both Portuguese and Spaniards had sailed fairly near Australia, but they had not seen Australia; and I do not think that, in the 16th Century, they ever saw Australia. The Portuguese sailed to their settlement in the Spice Islands by way of the East coast of Africa, India, and the Straits of Malacca; a way that would not take them in sight of Australia. They came to know the North coast of Sumatra, of Java and of the string of islands east of Java. And they came to New Guinea, and called it a "large island," which seems to show that they knew something about the South coast, as well as about the North. But I feel pretty sure they never reached Australia; though they may possibly have heard islanders talk of a very unpleasant land in the South to which you were sometimes driven by storms, and whence you got away as fast as you could, for it was a land in which no sensible person would live who had a chance to live anywhere else. And the Spaniards were equally unlikely to see Australia. After a time they made a settlement in the Philippine Islands; but they sailed thither from Mexico&mdash;for the way through the Straits of Magellan was given up as too long, too dangerous, too terrible. And their voyages between the Philippines and Mexico did not take them within sight of Australia; though, like the Portuguese, they got some little knowledge of New Guinea, and wondered whether it was an island. Of what lay further South no one knew anything, and therefore everyone could guess what he liked. What was down South? Was it an empty ocean? Or was it an ocean crowded with islands? Or was it, in the main, a continent? Various guesses were made. But the more geographers thought about the matter, the more they came to the opinion that the last of these guesses was the right one. The Unknown South must in the main be a continent. There were continents in the North; why not in the South? Nay, as there were continents in the North, there must be continents in the South. The world, argued the geographers, is a rolling ball, and a ball can only roll as a ball should roll if it is round, and its sides are of the same weight. Now in the known world there is far too much weight in the North; all Europe, nearly all Asia, and the most solid parts of Africa and America. To balance this weight in the North, there must be weight in the South. For if there were nothing in the South to balance the weight in the North, the world would not roll about in the orderly way in which she does roll about. If her shape had been more like that of a pear than that of an apple, with more weight at one end than at the other, she would not roll, but would wobble or bounce, and we should have a pretty world-sick sort of time. Men of science to-day do not think that this was a good argument. The South, they say, could be heavy enough even if it had no continent; for continents are not so heavy as the masses of metal which press down the ocean beds. But 16th Century geographers were quite sure that their argument was good, and indeed unanswerable. And they were all the more sure of this because they thought that an early traveller named Marco Polo had said that he had actually got news of a rich continent South of Java, where there was "gold in incredible quantity." (This was a mistake, for Marco had really been talking about Siam, and the gentleman to whom he was talking had misunderstood him.) So geographers drew on their maps a Southern Continent which pretty well filled up the Unknown South, and they said that this was the land of which Marco Polo had heard. But, as no one had ever seen this continent, each map-maker could draw it in the shape he liked best. A Portuguese map-maker asked you to believe that one of the islands to the East of Java&mdash;remember that the Portuguese knew only the North coasts of these islands&mdash;was the tip of a huge continent which stretched far South below Java, and he called it "Java the Great." He drew the continent in a way that made it cover the ground that is covered by Australia, and a great deal more ground too. Some writers think that this map-maker knew a good deal about Australia. But I do not think so. It seems to me that the map-maker, feeling pretty sure that there must be a huge continent in the South, thought it was just as likely to be to the South of Java as anywhere else. So he put a continent in the map just below Java, and called it "Java the Great," in order to warn people that if a continent ever was found there, it would, of course, like Java, belong to Portugal. This Portuguese map has been lost. But French geographers had somehow got hold of it, and they used it in making their own maps. These maps, however, seem to have been little known, and no one seems to have had much belief in them. Seamen never sailed to look for "Java the Great." But other geographers drew a quite different map of the Southern Continent, which was generally accepted as true, and which led to voyages of discovery of great interest to us. The people most interested in maps of this shape were the Spaniards, and especially the Spaniards of Peru. Why, you have only to sail Westward from Peru for a few days, and you are bound to run into a continent bigger than either Asia or America! And what a continent it will be! Straight opposite Peru, is it not certain to be as rich as Peru, and richer! Is it not indeed likely that the Incas came from it to Peru, and left behind them even greater riches than they brought with them? Will it not prove a land full of gold and silver and jewels and spices&mdash;of everything that the heart of man can desire and that the stomach of man can enjoy? Will you not find in it millions and millions of natives whom you can&mdash;if you like&mdash;make Christians, and whom you can&mdash;if you like&mdash;make slaves? Here is your chance to do what Columbus did, nay to do something far more splendid! In 1567 two Spanish ships sailed from Peru, under a Spanish nobleman named Mendaña, to look for the golden continent. They sailed West, on a course which would have taken them&mdash;had they gone far enough&mdash;to Cooktown, two hundred years before Cook! But, as they saw no land, they changed their course to North-West, and discovered, not Australia, but the Solomon Islands. They thought at first that they had discovered a continent "an extent of land that seemed to have no limit"; and, at all events, a continent must be very near. They looked hard for gold; and, though they found no gold to put in pocket, they felt quite sure that soil and stones were full of it. They sailed home with gold, not in pocket, but in brain. And, over their wine in taverns, they talked gold so loudly and so everlastingly that people came to think they must have discovered "those isles whence Solomon fetched gold to adorn the Temple at Jerusalem"; and the islands became known as the "Solomon Islands." But there was still a chance that Spaniards would discover Australia. The man who sailed as Chief Pilot with Mendaña in the voyage of 1595, was a Portuguese seaman, named Pedro Fernandez de Quiros. Portugal at that time was ruled by the King of Spain, and Portuguese seamen sailed in Spanish ships, though Spanish seamen were very much inclined to dislike them. The business of a Pilot on a Spanish ship was to know all that was known about navigation; and there were few Pilots who knew so much as Quiros. And there was no one who felt such hot desire to find the Continent of the South. For he was a missionary in spirit. His wish was, not to get gold, but to get souls; to wrest millions of souls from the Devil, and to lead them to Christ. He persuaded the King of Spain to help this noble plan; and in 1605 he sailed from Peru, in command of three ships, on a course that would, had he sailed far enough, have brought him to New Zealand or Australia. He had hoped to sail in the summer, and to have had good weather for a voyage in the South. But there had been delays; and the seamen, feeling little interest in the venture, refused to sail South in the winter. So Quiros, like Mendaña in 1567, unwillingly changed his course to North-West; and he sailed on till he came, not to Australia, but to the islands which Cook explored 170 years later, and called the "New Hebrides." But Quiros was sure that he had found the Continent, and that it stretched as far as the South Pole. He called it "Austrialia of the Holy Spirit." I think he would have called it "Australia," had it not seemed a good plan to put an i into the middle of the word in order to please the King of Spain, whose ancestors ruled Austria. Then he sailed Southward "to make out for certain whether it was mainland." But the ships were driven back by a hurricane. It was mid-winter now. The seamen were weary of the voyage, and were thankful to a hurricane that blew them North, and gave them a chance to force the captain to sail for home. Quiros was very ill&mdash;he had indeed been very ill all through the voyage. The seamen disliked him as a Portuguese, and a man of dreams. He was forced once more to let them have their way, and sorrowfully he sailed for Peru, dreaming&mdash;always dreaming&mdash;of the foundation in time to come of a Christian colony&mdash;a "New Jerusalem"&mdash;in the Southern Land of the Holy Spirit. Quiros never had a chance to make his dreams come true. But news came that the commander of one of his ships, Louis Vaez de Torres, had made a wonderfully interesting voyage. Torres was a matter-of-fact man of strong character, determined to stick to plans, and to have his own way. "My temper," he wrote, "was different from that of Captain Pedro Fernandez de Quiros!" Neither hurricanes nor seamen should stop him! He sheltered in a harbour from the hurricane which blew Quiros Northward and then, with the other two ships, sailed South-West on a course which, had he sailed far enough, would have taken him to Brisbane 218 years before Brisbane was founded. It was a brave deed. "We had at this time nothing but bread and water; it was the height of winter, with sea, wind, and ill-will against us. All this did not prevent me from sailing South to 21°, for the ship was good. It was proper to act in this way, for these are not voyages performed every day, nor could Your Majesty otherwise be properly informed." But, seeing "no sign of land," even Torres had to give up the search for the continent, and go on the course which Quiros had planned&mdash;which was now to make for the East end of New Guinea, and to sail along its fairly well-known Northern coast to the Philippine Islands. He came to the East end of New Guinea&mdash;and met winds that made it impossible to get round! What was he to do? The only plan seemed to be to sail West along the South coast of New Guinea&mdash;to sail, that is, through the most dangerous sea in the world, bristling with islands, sandbanks, coral reefs, both above water and below water, and with no certainty that there was any way out of it at all&mdash;for the map-makers could not agree whether New Guinea was an island or part of an unknown continent! Yet Torres, the hero, sailed West, and he got through! Between the 10th of August, and the 18th of October, 1606, probably between the 12th and the 15th September, he&mdash;first of Europeans&mdash;sailed through the strait that is now called by his name. On his North was New Guinea. On his South was Australia:&mdash;but how was Torres to know that? All he saw was "some very large islands." One of them, perhaps, was Cape York. But Torres had never heard of Cape York, and little dreamed that the "island" was the tip of a great continent. Away sailed the matter-of-fact man, glad, and with good reason, to have escaped alive from the lurking dangers of the worst of all possible seas. For nowhere did the Dutch as much wish to trade as in the Far East where the spices grew. In a few years they overthrew the Portuguese&mdash;who at this time were, as we have seen, subjects of the King of Spain&mdash;took their place as over-lords of the Indian Ocean, and made a Sea-Empire which spread "from Madagascar to Japan, from New Guinea to the Red Sea." They occupied St. Helena and the Cape as ocean taverns on the long sea-road between East and West. They occupied Mauritius, as a place whence they might explore the far South. They traded in the Red Sea, and in the Persian Gulf. They conquered Ceylon, and made trade-settlements in India. They captured the great Ocean Junction of Malacca, and passed the straits. They traded in China and Japan. They conquered the Spice Islands. In the big rich island of Java, they built the big rich city of Batavia, and sent ships to explore the unknown seas in the South. And that is why Dutchmen first saw Australia. But we wonder, perhaps, why not Englishmen? For Englishmen also were at war with Philip of Spain. Englishmen also smashed Spanish Armadas. Englishmen also were traders, eager to get shiploads of cloves and nutmegs. And, in truth, Englishmen came to the Spice Islands before the Dutch. Drake came to them in his voyage round the world; and he made a treaty with a King of the Spice Islands which gave Englishmen&mdash;at least so Englishmen said&mdash;the sole right to buy spices. And a few years later Thomas Cavendish came the same way, and brought home stories of "the incomparable wealth of that country." "If it please Her Majesty," he said, "with a very small power she may take spoil of them all." So English traders, like Dutch traders, sailed well-armed to Indian Seas, smashed Portuguese ships, captured Portuguese forts, and brought home "precious cargoes." Like the Dutch traders, too, they made settlements in the Persian Gulf, in India, in the Spice Islands, in Java. Wherever Dutchmen came, there also came their dear old friends, the English; and one might guess that Dutchmen and Englishmen would probably turn up in Australia about the same time. Dutchmen came to Australia by two paths:&mdash; So Dutchmen had discovered three separate scraps of coast&mdash;(1) the Western coast of our Cape York Peninsula, which they thought was probably a part of New Guinea; (2) Arnhemsland and Van Diemen's Land (of the North); (3) the coast between Willems River (near North-West Cape), and the head of the Australian Bight. And all these coasts were very bad in every respect. West and South were just as bad as North: "the most arid and barren region that could be found anywhere on the earth." Nothing grew that you could eat. You were lucky if you could dig up a little water, or find a puddle in a rock. There was nothing that even a Dutchman could make money out of. The natives were the ugliest, poorest, savagest, beastliest natives that had ever been seen by Dutch eyes! Still a Dutchman does not like to leave a job unfinished, especially a job like this&mdash;a job so enormously big, as well as so enormously ugly&mdash;that some good thing must surely in the long run be found. Governor-General Van Diemen made up his mind that two things, at least, must be done. Firstly, you must fill in the gaps;&mdash;find what there is between the three separate stretches of coast now known; and find out in doing so, if you can, whether the tangle South of New Guinea is a bay or a strait. And, secondly, you must find out what is Southward and Eastward of all these lands. This most wretched of all countries is surely not the golden continent of the South! Perhaps it is merely a barren promontory of that golden continent. Perhaps the golden continent lies beyond, Southward or Eastward. We must see, said Governor-General Van Diemen. And he found a captain, named Abel Tasman, as skilful a seaman as ever came to Batavia, and eager to make voyages of discovery in the South. And in 1642 and 1644 Tasman made two voyages which put on the map everything that was on the map when Cook sailed in 1768. Tasman called the bay "Murderers' Bay," and sailed Eastward into a bay which seemed likely to end&mdash;so tides and currents made him think&mdash;in "a passage to the open South sea." He tried hard to get through; but wind and tide were against him. So on his map he drew, not a passage, but a bay which he called "Zeehan's Bight." I suspect, however, that he was by no means sure that it was not a passage. His Pilot drew a chart which shows that he, at all events, thought it probable that there was a passage. One hundred and twenty-seven years passed before the next comer, Captain Cook, sailed through the passage, and named it "Cook's Strait." Tasman now sailed Northward for home, meaning to call at the Solomons&mdash;if only he could find them&mdash;and then make for the northern coast of New Guinea. He came to the Tonga Islands, and had a very good time there. Then, sailing West, he got dangerously entangled among the Fiji Islands. There was talk of still sailing West, on a course that might have taken him to the New Hebrides&mdash;Quiros's Austrialia of the Holy Spirit&mdash;and have given him a chance to sail home by way of Torres Strait, as Torres had sailed when he left the New Hebrides. But Tasman had no knowledge of Torres' voyage through the strait; and he feared that, if he took this Westward course, he might be "cast aside into a bay, from which it might be difficult or impossible to beat out again." So he went North again, to look for the Solomons. He went a little too far North, and just missed them. Then he sailed along the Northern coasts of New Ireland and New Britain&mdash;without learning that they were islands&mdash;and so, along the fairly well-known northern coast of New Guinea, home to Batavia&mdash;"God be praised and thanked for this happy voyage. Amen." It seems strange that, after so much had been discovered between 1606 and 1644, nothing whatever was discovered between 1644 and 1769, though it was clear that ever so much remained to be discovered. And no one could have been more eager to make further discovery than was Anthony Van Diemen. "This vast and hitherto unknown South Land," he wrote to the Dutch rulers, "has by the said Tasman been sailed round in two voyages, and is thought to comprise eight thousand miles of land. Now it can hardly be supposed that no profits of any kind should be obtainable in so vast a country, situated under various Zones between 43½° (Tasmania) and 2½° (New Guinea). Thorough exploration of newly discovered lands is no work for the first comer. God grant that some silver or gold mine be hit upon." But the rulers in Holland were sick of the South Land. No doubt there might be gold there, but it would need a lot of looking for. The best gold mine, they thought, was trade with Asia. So Dutch voyages of discovery almost came to an end. Dutch ships now and then explored the partly known coasts of the West and North-West. But everything they saw was still very, very bad. New Holland was a hopeless place! The pirates landed (January 1688) in a bay that was afterwards called by the name of the pirate-ship, "Cygnet Bay," with islands in it that were called the "Buccaneer Archipelago." This was no new discovery, for it was part of the coast along which Tasman had sailed, and which he had put down on his map. But Dampier wrote an account of the land and of the people so interesting that one could not forget it. Australia and Australians were the worst land and the worst people that ever Dampier had seen. The land was "a dry and dusty soil" that was "destitute of water except you make wells," and that was entirely destitute of food. The people were "the miserablest people in the world; and, setting aside their human shape, they differ but little from brutes. They are tall, strait-bodied and thin, with small long limbs. They have great heads, round foreheads and great brows. Their eyelids are always half-closed to keep the flies out of their eyes; they being so troublesome here, that no fanning will keep them from coming to one's face; and, without the assistance of both hands to keep them off, they will creep into one's nostrils, and mouth, too, if the lips are not shut very close. They have great bottle noses, pretty full lips, and wide mouths. The two front teeth of the upper jaw are wanting in all of them; neither have they any beards. They are long-visaged, and of a very unpleasing aspect, having not one graceful feature in their faces. Their hair is black, short and curled, like that of the negroes; and not long and lank like the common Indian. The colour of their skins, both of their faces and the rest of their body, is coal-black, like that of the negroes of Guinea. Their costume consists of a piece of the rind of a tree or a handful of grass or bough." We shall find that when Cook and Banks saw blackfellows on the Eastern side of New Holland they looked at them very carefully to see if they were like the blackfellows Dampier had seen in the West. Dampier's stories were found so interesting by the men of science of the Royal Society that they persuaded the Government to give him command of a ship to explore New Holland. For, in spite of his unlucky experience, he had sense enough to feel sure that there must be in New Holland a great deal that was well worth seeing. In "this large and hitherto almost unknown tract of land, situated so very advantageously in the richest of climates in the world," he "could not but hope to meet with some fruitful lands, continents, or islands, productive of rich fruits, drugs or spices (perhaps minerals also) that are in other parts of the torrid zones." He hoped to make a thorough exploration, not only of New Holland, but also of the South Seas; and, if he had been fairly treated by the Government, he would perhaps have left Cook little to do. But he still hoped to sail all round New Holland. One way of doing so was to sail South to Cape Leeuwin, then East to the head of the Bight, and then on through one unknown gap to Van Diemen's Land, and through the other unknown gap to New Guinea. Had he gone this way, he might have been the first to sail through Bass's Strait, the first to coast Eastern Australia, and the second to sail through Torres Strait. But it was now mid-winter (July 1699). Dampier hated cold, and he believed that the richest lands were "directly under the sun." So he decided to go round New Holland the other way; "to coast to the Northward, and so to the East, and so thought to come round by the South in my return back, which should be in the summer time there." Sailing Northward, then, he made more careful exploration of the coast drawn in Tasman's map, wondering whether it was really as solid as Tasman had drawn it, or whether, behind the islands, there was not some big ocean passage that might bring you through to the East or to the South. On Rosemary Island he found the first good thing that had ever been found in Australia&mdash;beautiful wild-flowers. He landed in a bay, now called. "Roebuck Bay," not far from his old landing place. But both land and people were as bad as before, and even worse. Sailing round the North of New Guinea, he discovered the passage&mdash;"Dampier's Passage"&mdash;which separates from New Guinea the island which he named "New Britain." At last he had come to a beautiful and rich island "directly under the sun"&mdash;an island which, he thought, "may very probably afford as many rich commodities as any in the world." Why should not New Britain become the British Spice Island? Now was the chance to sail Southward and explore the unknown East and South! But it was impossible. "The many difficulties I at the same time met with, the want of conveniences to clean my ship, the fewness of my men, their desire to hasten home, and the danger of continuing in these circumstances in seas where the shoals and coasts were utterly unknown, or must be searched out with much caution and length of time, hindered me from prosecuting any further my intended search." In truth, had Dampier sailed South he would never have come home. He sailed back the way he came, till the ancient and rotten little ship foundered at the Isle of Ascension. The crew were rescued by British men-of-war, and Dampier brought home his precious note-book. Dampier came home in 1701; and he described what he had seen in a book so interesting that everybody read it who read anything at all. Yet seventy years passed before another Englishman landed in Australia. Nor need we be surprised. Dampier had described Australia in a way that made everyone feel that Australia was the very best place in the world to live as far away from as you could. New Britain, no doubt, seemed a promising place. But New Britain was ever so far away, and you would have to put ever so much money into it, before you could hope to get a penny out of it. A man of business would do far better by trading in India and America. In fact the British and French, the only nations likely at this time to think of big adventures in the South, were busy enough in India and America, not only in trade, but also in fighting one another. They had no time, no energy, no money for anything else. Both French and British writers wrote books to urge exploration and settlement in the South Seas. And when in 1763 the great war was ended by the treaty which gave Britain mastery in Canada and in India, both French and British statesmen began to think the time had come to do something down South. One of the most famous of the French soldiers who had fought under Montcalm a valiant fight in Canada was M. de Bougainville. And in 1763, the very year when France had to give up hope of a French Empire in America, Bougainville with brave heart was planning a French Empire in Australasia. "The French nation," he wrote, "is capable of conquering the greatest difficulties, and nothing is impossible to her efforts, as often as she will think herself equal at least to any nation in the World!" Was the next war then, thought British statesmen, to be a war for the Pacific? If so we must act at once. It is true that, for the present, we don't want the Pacific. But, if the French mean to peg out that ocean, we must peg it out first. So in 1765 the British Government sent a ship, and in 1766 they sent two ships, to explore the Pacific. They sailed through the Straits of Magellan, and then struck a North-West course which brought them round the North coast of New Guinea; and they discovered nothing of much importance, save the beautiful and delightful island which its discoverer, Captain Wallis, called "King George the Thirds Island"&mdash;it is now called "Tahiti"&mdash;an island which plays a great part in the story of exploration. The British had got away first in the race, but in three months Bougainville was after the two ships of 1766. He did not mention his plan to the British, and they knew nothing about the voyage till it was over. He came to Tahiti&mdash;which Wallis had discovered and annexed for Britain&mdash;and annexed it for France. Then he sailed on a more Southerly course than the British ships had taken. He came to the New Hebrides&mdash;Quiros's Austrialia of the Holy Ghost&mdash;and annexed them also! Then boldly he sailed Westward. Had he sailed far enough, he would have come to the unknown Eastern coast of Australia near Cooktown; and, very likely, he would have run on to a coral reef, as Cook did two years later. But, after a week's sail, he found himself in midst of frightful dangers. He saw sandbanks and shoals and breakers that seemed to stretch without end. He was, in fact, about 80 miles from the outer edge of the Barrier Reef. Bougainville had never heard of the Barrier Reef; but he saw that to try to go further Westward would be madness. So he turned Northward, and came to the Southern coast of New Guinea, near the point to which Torres had come in his voyage 160 years before. Torres, we remember, unable to get round the East point of New Guinea, had, greatly daring, steered Westward, and had found his Strait. But Bougainville had read no account of Torres' voyage; and, though he thought it probable that there was a strait, he dared not face the risk of running into a trap. So, he faced the almost equal risk of fighting his way, in spite of winds and tides, round the Eastern point of New Guinea. For a dreadful fortnight he was in the greatest danger, caught in a huge gulf that bristled with shoals and reefs and islets, while a south-eastern swell was heaving him towards the land. But at length he rounded the point&mdash;"Cape Deliverance," he called it. Then he picked his way round the North coast of New Guinea, called at Batavia, and came home by the usual Cape route, catching the slower of the two British ships as he came near Europe in March 1769. About a year before this time, British statesmen had begun to think of sending another ship to explore the South Pacific. Though they did not know that Bougainville had sailed on the heels of the British ships, they knew very well that he had big plans in mind, and that something must be done to checkmate them. Moreover a famous geographer, named Alexander Dalrymple, was seeking to persuade them that, if they would send a ship further South than any ships had yet sailed, the captain of that ship would find a huge and rich continent, which he could annex before Frenchmen knew anything about it. Alexander Dalrymple had been a servant of the East India Company, and had sailed a great deal in the Eastern seas, and knew them very well. He had also studied with delight the stories of Columbus and Magellan, and the other famous explorers; and he longed himself to be the hero in some great voyage of discovery in the Unknown South. He was as certain as Quiros had been certain that the Unknown South "must be nearly all land." The coastline of a huge continent ran, he was sure, just to the West of the course that had been taken by ships as they sailed from the Straits of Magellan, or from Cape Horn, for the North of New Guinea; a coast-line which ran straight on to New Zealand, and then fell away Southward. How large this continent must be&mdash;larger than the whole of Asia from Turkey to the extremity of China! And how rich! Peru was probably its colony! And how populous! In the American colonies there were only two million people. In the Southern Continent there were probably fifty millions. "The scraps from this table would be sufficient to maintain the power, dominion and sovereignty of Britain, by employing all its manufacturers and ships." On the morning of the 24th of November, 1639, the Reverend Jeremiah Horrocks, a young man of 22 years of age, Curate of the little village of Hoole, in Lancashire, woke with an excited mind. It was Sunday, and the Reverend Jeremiah must conduct services in the Church which nothing in the world would make him neglect. But he was thinking when he woke, not of the Church and its services, but of a darkened room in his cottage, in which a tiny half-crown telescope gave the wintry sun a chance to throw its light upon a screen. It was his belief that, in the course of the day, a small black speck would crawl across the sun-lit circle. That small black speck would be the shadow of the planet Venus passing between Earth and Sun. If one could watch its crawl, one might learn something no one at present knew about Sun and Planets, and the strange wonderful whirligig universe of which astronomers were beginning to get some little understanding. Jeremiah Horrocks died a year afterwards, at the age of twenty-three. He left writings which prove that he was a very great astronomer. And he left also the memory that it was an Englishman who had first observed the transit of Venus; that is, the passing of Venus between Earth and Sun. English astronomers were proud of the fact; and they made up their minds that Englishmen should always be on the outlook for the transit of Venus, and should make it their pride to carry on the study which an Englishman had begun. You had, it was true, sometimes to wait a long time&mdash;a hundred years or so must not worry you&mdash;for Venus to get exactly into the place in which you wanted her. But at all events she was regular in her habits, and, if you worked out your sums rightly, you could foretell even the day when the transit would take place&mdash;though that day might not come for a hundred years, and you yourself had not the ghost of a chance to see what you foresaw. Thus in 1716 a famous astronomer, Mr. Halley, foresaw that a transit would take place in 1761, and another in 1769; and as, being 60 years of age, he could not hope himself to see these transits, he implored the English astronomers who should be alive at those dates not to neglect their duty as astronomers and as Englishmen. So in 1760 British astronomers began to make their plans. All famous men of Science were members of the Royal Society; and the Royal Society asked the British Government to send astronomers in 1761 to St. Helena and Sumatra, which seemed to be the two best places from which to observe an event which, they explained, had been "predicted in the last century by an Englishman, and never observed but once since the world began, and that by another Englishman." The Government consented, and the astronomers sailed. But the observations in St. Helena were spoilt by very cloudy weather; and the ship that sailed for Sumatra was attacked by the French, and never got there. 1. It was thought till recently that the "instructions" given to Cook were lost. But, it was found that the document still exists; and it is now in the Mitchell Library, Sydney.] The next thing was to find a Captain&mdash;the sort of Captain that is not easy to find; for he must be (1) a first-rate seaman, (2) a first-rate astronomer, and (3)&mdash;seeing that he was to command a King's ship&mdash;a first-rate officer of the King's Navy. Now a first-rate seaman is not often a first-rate astronomer: and a first-rate astronomer is not often a first-rate seaman: and, if by good chance you find a man, like Alexander Dalrymple, who is both a first-rate astronomer and a first-rate navigator and map-maker, the Lords of the Admiralty point out that he is not an officer of the King's Navy, and will not look at him. But, by wonderful luck, both the Lords of the Admiralty and the Council of the Royal Society knew a man who had all the three things that were needed. James Cook was a first-rate seaman, a first-rate astronomer, and a first-rate officer in the King's Navy. The Lords of the Admiralty made him Captain of the ship, with the rank in the navy of First-Lieutenant, and a wage of five shillings a day. A Council of the Royal Society was held, and "Mr. Cook was called in." The Councillors thought that he was "a proper person to be one of the observers" of the transit, and they wished to see him, and to talk over the matter. Mr. Cook came into the room. The Councillors were very glad to make his acquaintance. And so are we. But, before we look at him, we will learn what we can about his early life. James Cook's grandfather was a pious Scotchman, an elder of the Kirk. James Cook's father&mdash;whose name also was James&mdash;went to live in Yorkshire. "God send you Grace," said his mother as she said good-bye; and God answered the prayer by sending him a wife of that name. In a tiny two-roomed cottage in the tiny village of Marton, James was born in October 1728; and the parson who baptised him wrote down in his book, "James, the son of a day labourer." Later, James's father became a builder. He cut his and his wife's initials&mdash;J.G.C.&mdash;over the doorway of a house, and there they may be seen to-day. Son James went to school, learned reading, writing and arithmetic, and got a wonderful grip of these subjects, and indeed of everything he tackled. All the village knew that he had a mind and a will of his own. In later days old school-fellows would tell stories to show how, in looking for birds' nests, as afterwards in looking for islands and continents, he had a way of forming his own plans, and of sticking to them. Then he helped his father in farm work, was perhaps a stable-boy for a short time, served customers in a grocer-and-draper's shop for a year and a half, and in 1746, at the age of eighteen, became "prentice" in a big coal-shipping business at Whitby, a famous old town on the Yorkshire coast. For nine years he made voyages in coal-ships, getting loving knowledge of the sort of ship which he proved to be the best in the world, not only for carrying coal, but also for carrying explorers. Quickly and thoroughly he learnt the whole duty of seamen. He got on very well with his employer, Mr. Walker, who became his friend for life: and in 1755, at the age of twenty-seven, he was offered the position of Captain of a ship. But he refused it. War was breaking out with France&mdash;the war that made Canada and India parts of the Empire. Skilful seamen were badly wanted in the Royal Navy, and Cook offered to serve, "having a mind to try his fortune that way." From 1755 to 1758 Cook served in ships which cruised the Channel, and fought what fights they could get. Unhappily he told no stories of his fights, nor did anyone else. We have to make the most we can of this sort of record in the log of his ship: "we killed her 50 men and wounded her 30; she killed us 10 men and wounded us 80." The log gives the scores of the fight as if it had been a football match&mdash;deaths and wounds in place of goals and tries&mdash;but tells you nothing about the players. In 1758 Cook sailed to Canada in the fleet commanded by "wry-necked Dick" Boscawen, "Old Dreadnought," and took modest part in famous deeds at Louisburg and Quebec. But there are no stories of the part Cook played in these famous deeds. All we know is that, while Wolfe was planning the capture of Quebec, Cook was doing splendid work in sounding the St. Lawrence, and in drawing maps which showed its difficulties and dangers, and the chances of successful attack on the fortress above. Cook's maps of the St. Lawrence were so good that he was asked to draw maps of Labrador and Newfoundland; and these were so well drawn that they are useful even now. How he got this wonderful skill to draw maps of unknown coasts better than such maps had ever been drawn before is a great puzzle. For it was skill of the sort which generally only comes to a man who has made long and deep study of mathematics under first-rate teachers. And Cook, on ship off Canadian coasts or in Canadian harbours, had few books and no teachers; indeed, he had never had teachers, "save his own industry," since at very early age he had left school to help his father in farm-work. In the winter evenings at Whitby, when he was back from one voyage and waiting for the next, a kindly house-keeper "allowed him a table and a candle that he might read and write by himself, while the other apprentices were engaged in idle talk"; and, no doubt, he had read and had written with terrible industry. He had a head for mathematics, as the idle apprentices had, perhaps, heads for cricket; and he was as keen on making calculations as they were keen on making runs. It is good that we take our pleasures in different ways, and that one boy's poison is another boy's meat. James Cook did sums because he liked doing sums, and the end was that a farm-labourer's son became the best map-maker in the King's Navy. Moreover, James Cook, like Jeremiah Horrocks, took keen interest in astronomy. If you can make a good clear map of the earth, why not also make a good clear map of the heavens? In 1766&mdash;like Jeremiah Horrocks in 1639&mdash;he observed an eclipse of the sun, and his observations were studied by members of the Royal Society, who said that he was "a good mathematician, and was expert in his business." Thus when the Lords of the Admiralty, knowing all about Cook's skill in seamanship and map-making, made him Captain of the ship that was to carry astronomers to Tahiti, the members of the Royal Society were very well pleased; for they knew that the Captain himself would be a first-rate astronomer, as well able to observe Venus, and to bring back facts that could be used to make a new map of the heavens, as he was able to observe strange coasts, and to bring back facts that could be used to make a new map of the South Pacific. As he came into the room they looked at him with keen interest, and so do we. He was now a man of thirty-nine, The best description of his appearance was written about ten years afterwards, by an officer who had sailed with him in his last voyage: "His person was above six feet high, and, though a good-looking man, he was plain both in dress and appearance. His head was small; his hair, which was dark brown, he wore tied behind. His face was full of expression, his nose exceedingly well shaped, his eyes, which were small and of a brown cast, were quick and piercing, his eyebrows prominent, which gave his countenance an air of austerity." Mr. Cook, thought the Councillors, looks a man who'll make a first-rate job of this voyage; and they made a good guess of his character. "Nature," wrote the officer ten years afterwards, "had endowed him with a mind vigorous and comprehensive, with a clear judgment, strong masculine sense, and the most determined resolution; with a genius peculiarly turned for enterprise, he pursued his object with unshaken perseverance; vigilant and active in an eminent degree; cool and intrepid among dangers; patient and firm among difficulties and distress; fertile in expedients; great and original in all his designs, active and resolute in carrying them into execution. He was a modest man, and rather bashful; of an agreeable lively conversation, sensible and intelligent. In his temper he was somewhat hasty, but of a disposition the most friendly, benevolent and humane; "&mdash;his temper was good but short. The Councillors of the Royal Society could not see all this at one glance. But they saw enough to make them sure that Cook was the man for them; and they asked him straightway to be one of the observers of the transit. They promised him 120 guineas&mdash;in addition, of course, to the five shillings a day he got as captain of the ship. Cook was well pleased, and thought himself a lucky man. The Councillors also appointed another observer, Mr. Green, a first-rate astronomer, the son of a Yorkshire farmer, who was to get 200 guineas, and, if the voyage lasted longer than two years, 100 guineas a year. And Mr. Cook and Mr. Green were further to have £120 a year for "victualling" themselves, that is for buying, when they had a chance, better food and better drink than the food and drink served out to the seamen. At Oxford University he went on with the same studies, getting help now from a good teacher, and strolling down Oxford lanes with great delight. Then he strolled over England, always, as in schoolboy days, hunting plants and insects, and indeed everything that grows, or flies, or swims, or crawls in this very fascinating world. Then he was off to Newfoundland on the same hunt, at the very time (1766) when Cook was making maps of its coasts. And then he heard with excitement that a ship of discovery was to sail for the South Sea. That's the ship for me, said Joe. It is pleasant to think of him as he started on this "grand tour" of the world, radiant in youth, health and strength, brimming over with joy of life, eager to see, to know and to achieve. He was rich enough to do things in a grand style. He took with him a famous botanist named Dr. Solander (pupil of the still more famous botanist Linnaeus), four artists and four servants&mdash;two of whom were negroes. "No people," wrote Mr. Ellis, Fellow of the Royal Society, "ever went to sea better fitted out for the purpose of Natural History or more elegantly. They have a fine Library of Natural History, all sorts of machines for catching and preserving insects; all kinds of nets, trawls, drags and hooks for coral fishing; they have even a curious contrivance of a telescope, by which, put into the water, you can see the bottom at a great depth when it is clear. They have many cases of bottles with ground glass stoppers of several sizes to preserve animals in spirits. They have several sorts of salts to surround the seeds. In short Solander assured me this expedition would cost Mr Banks £10,000"&mdash;that is to say, more than twice as much as the cost of the ship itself, even after the cost had been nearly doubled by repairs and additions. For the ship had been chosen and bought. A deal of thought had been given to the choice. The first plan was to send, as in previous voyages, a war-ship. But it was now understood that the sort of ship that is good for war is not the sort of ship that is good for discovery. There are certain things which a ship of discovery must have. She must be a good sea-boat, able to face all sorts of weather with a calm mind. She must be a roomy ship, with plenty of space down below for men to make themselves comfortable. She must have a small draft in order to sail in shallow waters. She must be of a shape that will make it possible, in case she runs aground, to get her off again without much damage: and, in case she is much damaged, to lay her down on shore for repairs. And she must have a body big enough to carry enormous quantities of provisions. Now you would never find all these things in a war-ship. But you found all of them in a sort of ship called a cat-built bark, that was built in Norway&mdash;cat comes from the Norwegian word for ship&mdash;and in Yorkshire ports like Whitby. So a cat-built bark was chosen. 1. In the previous voyages of 1765 and 1766, copper sheathing had been used for the first time. But Cook did not use it, because it destroyed the iron work, especially about the rudder. He preferred the old-fashioned wooden sheathing. The trouble was that worms bored holes in the sheathing itself. To-day turpentine wood is used which worms don't like.] As we are to be passengers in the voyage, we'll take a good look at our ship, go on board and make ourselves at home. A friendly seaman promises to run us over the ship, and to explain the things we see. And we'll add to his information what we've learnt about the ship, and shipboard life, from the journals of those who sailed upon her. Please look at the picture. The measurements of the largest Manly ferry steamers are: length 210 feet; breadth 32 feet; tonnage 500 tons. The measurements of the largest North Shore ferry steamers are: length 183 feet; breadth 30 feet; tonnage 447 tons.] You'll notice that she's painted in three colours: yellow (sulphur) on top; then a band of black (tar); and at bottom a daub of pitch and brimstone, which gives you green or brown, according to your mixture. Aft of the seamen's dining-sleeping room, a bulk-head or wooden partition runs across the deck. Behind it are the cabins of officers and "gentlemen." They dwell apart from the crew&mdash;the "common people" Banks calls them&mdash;glad not to overhear "the dreadful energy of their language," and to get a chance of quiet rational conversation about navigation and botany. The arrangement of their cabins, under the quarter deck, is made to suit the comfort and convenience of Mr. Banks and his friends. There are so many of them that it's necessary to have the cabins in two floors. The cabins on the lower floor are only 5 feet high&mdash;miserably uncomfortable for a voyage of three years! Those on the upper floor are 7 feet high&mdash;the extra 2 feet makes a big difference. They are occupied by the Captain, Mr. Green (the astronomer), Mr. Banks, Dr. Solander and Mr. Banks's draughtsmen. The unfortunate officers are in the pokey 5-feet high cabins on the lower floor. On one side of the ship are the cabins of the First Lieutenant (Lieut. Hicks), the Surgeon (Dr. Monkhouse), and the Gunner (Mr. Forwood); on the other side are those of the Master (Mr. Molyneux), the 2nd Lieutenant (Lieut. Gore), and the Captain's Clerk (Mr. Orton). You can see all their cabins marked and allotted on the plan of the hull. "What a fine sea vessel," says Captain Bayldon, "the cat-built bark really was, to need only this little bulwark. Our iron wool-clippers, with bulwarks five feet high, would frequently be filled with the green seas they used to ship aboard. What sad scenes these little bulwarks witnessed between Batavia and the Cape, when seamen were dying each day. Resting on them was the plank on which was placed the dead seaman, sewn up in his canvas hammock, with a round shot between his feet, and covered with the old Red Ensign. Then the brief burial service; and the plank tilted upwards to 'commit the body to the Deep, in the hope of a joyful Resurrection.'" You see there's not much room to move about on deck, There are two hatches, and two boats. There's the kitchen chimney. There are four pumps, one on each side of the main- and the fore-mast; they look like village pumps. There are pens for pigs, and coops for fowls. There are two spare top-masts and two spare top-gallant masts lying on deck; for it's not uncommon for masts to break in gales. Foreward also the deck is crowded&mdash;there's the bowsprit; there are heavy baulks of timber called bitts, for making the cable fast, when lying at anchor; and there are the anchors themselves. The biggest anchor, the sheet anchor, is used only on special emergencies. The next biggest, the best bower, and the small bower, are in general use, one on each side. Then there are stream-anchors, and kedge-anchors, for use in boats when sent to heave the ship in some particular direction&mdash;all most useful off the Queensland coast. The sails in the picture are the sails that would usually be carried in moderate weather. Cook notes day by day their furling and unfurling, and so makes it possible for a seaman to know exactly what sails were used, and exactly how they were used. Look at the three masts, the foremast, the main-mast, the mizen. Each is formed of parts firmly fastened together; so that if a gale smashes a top-mast, or a topgallant mast, you can clear away the wreckage, and make good use of the spare masts on the deck. The height of the top of the main-mast from the deck is nearly 100 feet. Imagine Mr. Banks and Tupia at the mast-head, saying farewell to beautiful Tahiti; or young Nick shouting at top-voice that he sees the coast of New Zealand; or Captain Cook, looking with keen eyes at the coral reefs, and wondering "is it possible I'll ever get through them?" "After having viewed our position from the mast-head, I saw we were surrounded on every side with dangers, in so much that I was quite at a loss to know which way to steer!" Now look at the Pennant or Pendant. The chief difference between the Navy and the Merchant service was that, whereas Naval vessels carried Pennants at the masthead, Merchant vessels were not allowed to do so. Pennants were of various designs: either entirely red; or red, with St. George's cross on a white field; or red, white and blue throughout the entire length. They had either one, or two or three tails. There seems to have been no strict regulations as to which kind of pennant was to be used. We glance down the list of seamen's names, and wonder what sort of men they were, how they passed the endless time, and what they talked about. As we sail round the world with them, we shall make acquaintance with a good many; and we shall find that we are in company of very human men, of very remarkable faults, and of even more remarkable virtues. Some of them we shall come to know better if we sail with Cook in his later voyages; for the best of Cook's men had a way of sticking to him; and when they heard he was off again, were aye ready to be off with him. Look at these young fellows on deck. Some of them are men of high ability and of charming character. Here is midshipman Isaac Smith, cousin of Cook's wife. He was "of great use to me," wrote Cook at the end of the voyage, "in assisting to make surveys, plans, drawings, etc., in which he is very expert." So "expert," indeed, was he in these and in other matters that, in the end, he became Admiral Isaac Smith. In days when New South Wales was a prosperous colony under Governor Macquarie, the Admiral would tell you that he was the first Englishman who had ever jumped ashore at Botany Bay. "Now then Isaac," sang out Cook as the boat rowed in, "you go first!" and Isaac jumped on to a rock which you may jump on to to-day. Ask the Captain, for example, his opinion of John Reading, boatswain's mate, whose death he describes in the following words:&mdash;"At 10 departed this life Jno. Reading, boatswain's mate; his death was occasioned by the boatswain, out of very good nature, giving him part of a bottle of rum last night, which, it is supposed, he drank at once. He was found to be very much in liquor last night; but as this was no more than was common with him when he could get any, no further notice was taken of him than to put him to bed, where this morning he was found speechless and past recovery." Or get the Captain to talk about Stephen Forwood, gunner, who one night between 2 a.m. and 4 a.m., with the help of three "able seamen," "found means to take out of the spirit-cask on the quarter-deck between 10 and 12 gallons of rum, being the whole that was in the cask." They were caught in the act, and each able seaman got the twelve lashes he so well deserved. The gunner escaped lashing because he was the gunner; though, in truth, wrote Cook, he "richly deserved the whole upon his back"; for his drunkenness had made him "the only useless person on board ship." And then ask the Captain to tell you how midshipman Magra and Richard Orton, the clerk, spent a night off the coast of Queensland. Both these men are of special interest to us. For Richard Orton wrote the copy of Cook's journal which you may see to-day in the Australian Museum, Sydney&mdash;and mighty well he wrote it, seeing that he, too, was commonly dead drunk whenever he could get drink. And James Magra, the son of a well-to-do and loyal citizen of New York, was the man who in 1783, with name changed to Matra, after much talk with his old fellow-voyager, Mr. Banks, wrote a proposal that a colony should be founded in the bay in New Holland which Mr. Banks and he had visited thirteen years before&mdash;a proposal which was read by Lord Sydney, and was in Lord Sydney's mind when he set about the foundation of the colony five years later. "Last night," wrote the Captain, "some time in the middle watch, a very extraordinary thing happened to Mr. Orton, my clerk. He having been drinking in the evening, some mischievous person or persons took advantage of his being drunk, to cut off the clothes from his back; not being satisfied with this, they sometime after went into his cabin, and cut off parts of both ears as he lay asleep in his bed. The person whom he suspected to have done this was Mr. Magra, one of the midshipmen." Cook was told that "Magra had once or twice before this in their drunken frolics cut off Orton's clothes, and had been heard to say that, if it was not for the law, he would murder him." These things considered, Cook thought that "Magra was not altogether innocent." Mr. Orton, it was true, was "a man not without faults," and it seemed that "he himself was in some measure to blame." Still&mdash;so the matter seemed to Cook&mdash;there was something wrong on board ship, if a well-meaning man could not go comfortably to bed dead drunk without danger of finding, when he woke up, that the ends of his ears had been cut off, without his knowledge, by someone whom he could only suspect! So he "dismissed Magra from the quarter-deck, and suspended him from doing any duty in the ship." He was "one of those gentlemen," he wrote angrily, "frequently found on board King's ships that can very well be spared&mdash;to speak more plain, good for nothing." A Captain's job was to get such thirsty men to do their best. In Cook's opinion a dozen or two lashes now and then were a useful means of persuasion. But he believed far more in the persuading power of words of encouragement and praise; and he gave them, as he gave lashes, when they were deserved, and much more frequently. And, when faults were incurable, he thanked God that they were not worse. Cook's face, said his friends, had "an air of austerity"&mdash;the sort of "air" a schoolmaster's face has when the rod's in hand&mdash;and his temper, they added, was "somewhat hasty." You would think that a man with an "austere face" and a "hasty temper" would find it hard to live day by day with a clerk who got dead drunk night by night. But, after all, let us make the best of things! Richard Orton, when dead drunk, goes quietly to bed and sleeps it off; and next morning, he's ready to write with a firm hand, which the soberest man might envy, a fair copy of the account of last night's "drunken frolic!" Let us thank God that Richard Orton is not worse! When the ship came home, Cook recommended him as "worthy of promotion" to "some place in the Custom-house, or any other public office." Cook's words help us to understand the temper and disposition, not only of the seamen, but also of the Captain. We understand that temper and disposition even better when we read what he wrote after a catch of turtles and fish at the Endeavour River:&mdash;"Whatever refreshment we got that would bear a division, I caused to be equally divided among the whole company, generally by weight; the meanest person in the ship had an equal share with myself, or any one on board; and this method every commander of a ship, on such a voyage as this, ought ever to observe." When we read these words we have good hopes for the success of the voyage. Captain Cook and several of the officers wrote logs&mdash;that is, statements written from day to day, which tell in a few words what has happened&mdash;how winds have blown, how sails have been furled and unfurled, and at what rate the ship has travelled. More interesting are the journals written by Captain Cook and Mr. Banks, sometimes written from day to day, sometimes written up after a few days have passed, and sometimes written&mdash;when a country like New Zealand or Australia has been visited&mdash;during the leisure of the voyage. Captain Cook's journal was long thought to be lost, and we had only the copies of it written by the clerk, Richard Orton. One of these copies was bought by Mr. F. H. Dangar, who gave it to the Australian Museum in Sydney, where it may now be seen. But recently news came that the journal which Cook himself wrote still existed. In 1923 it was bought by the Government of Australia; and, if you call at the Mitchell Library in Sydney, you can read the words in which Cook described in his own handwriting his stay in Botany Bay, and his view of Port Jackson, as he sailed past. In his journal Cook wrote down at some length, not only what happened, but also what he thought about things; and it is here that we must look if we wish to know, for example, his opinion of New Zealand and of Australia as countries in which Britishers might settle. But Banks was a man of science as well as a man of pleasure; and nothing done by men, animals, fishes or plants was uninteresting to his mind. With great vigour and with great happiness he studied Nature in all its forms. In company with Surgeon Monkhouse&mdash;fat Solander this time wisely left behind&mdash;he had a long day's walk inland, past the hill slopes planted with bread-fruit trees, past the last of the houses whose owners refreshed them with cocoanuts, up among steep rocks and cascades, where long strips of bark served as ropes by which to scramble from ledge to ledge, though even on the ledges none but goats or Indians could stand. For minerals Banks looked in vain. But he observed that "the stones everywhere showed manifest signs of having been at some time or other burnt." His guess was that the island had been thrown up by a volcano, now extinct. And, to comfort those who believed in the continent, over part of which Cook had sailed, he suggested that perhaps it had been "sunk by dreadful earthquakes and volcanoes two or three thousand fathoms under the sea, the tops of the mountains only remaining clear above the waters in the shape of islands." But men are even more interesting than Nature; and Banks studied them in his usual thorough way. The best plan, he thought, was "to act a character." "I was prepared," he explains, "by stripping off my European clothes, and putting on a small strip of cloth round my waist, the only garment I was allowed to have. They then began to smut me and themselves with charcoal and water, the Indian boy was completely black, the women and myself as low as our shoulders; we then set out." He gives a lively account of the ceremony, and of "the surprise of our friends" at the Fort. The end was "we went into the river and scrubbed one another until it was dark before the blacking came off." Better fun and better science than the blockhead's "grand tour" in weary old Europe! On the 13th of July, 1769, they sailed from Tahiti. With them sailed a native named Tupia, "a most proper man, well-born, chief Tahowa or priest of this island." Banks had added him to his "suite." "Thank Heaven," he says, "I have a sufficiency, and I do not know why I may not keep him as a curiosity as my neighbours do lions and tigers." The pious priest often prayed for a wind, and boasted of the success of his prayers, which, adds Banks, he "never began till he perceived a breeze so near the ship that it generally reached him before his prayer was finished." Under the guidance of Tupia and his winds, Cook visited the neighbouring islands, annexed them, and named the group "the Society Isles," because "they lay contiguous to one another." Then, on the 9th of August, 1769, they "launched out into the ocean in search of what chance or Tupia might direct us to." For what he had to do next, according to his instructions, was to make for the strip of coast which Tasman had discovered 127 years before, and which had been called New Zealand. Tasman had believed that this strip of coast was the Western edge of the unknown Continent; and this was still the belief, not only of Dalrymple, but also, says Banks, of "most thoughtful people," including Banks himself. This question at least could be settled. So Cook sailed South-West for New Zealand. Then he sailed South, past the great bay which he called Hawke's Bay after the First Lord of the Admiralty. He followed the coast to Latitude 40° 34'; and then, "seeing no likelihood of meeting with a harbour, and the face of the country visibly altering for the worse," he decided that his time would be better spent by examining the coast to the Northward. He gave Cape Turnagain its name "because here we returned." Sailing North, he rounded East Cape, visited the "Bay of Plenty," observed the transit of Mercury in Mercury Bay, explored a "very fine river" which he named the Thames, because it was as "broad as the Thames at Greenwich," anchored in the Bay of Islands, and, rounding Cape Maria Van Diemen and the Three Kings, proved that Tasman had been right when he had claimed the discovery of a sea-way to Chili. Off the Three Kings the sailors celebrated their second Christmas "in the old-fashioned way," ate goose pie, and "in the evening all hands were as drunk as our forefathers used to be on like occasions." Then Cook sailed down the West Coast, charting its features with "a mingled audacity and caution" that are greatly admired by the modern chart-maker. "Never," says Admiral Wharton, "has a coast been so well laid down by a first explorer." He passed the islands which screen Auckland with the remark that they probably "formed some good harbours." He noted the noblest hill he had ever seen, and named it Mount Egmont. Then he came to a "very broad and deep bay or inlet, the Southern side of which seemed to form several bays." Into one of these bays he determined to go, in order to careen the ship and to obtain refreshment. He sailed up an inlet which he named Queen Charlotte Sound, and anchored in "a very snug cove," which he named Ship Cove. He calculated that Tasman's Murderers' Bay was fifteen miles away; in reality it was seventy miles away. The natives heaved a few stones, but became friendly after conversation with Tupia. They had no tradition of Tasman's visit; and, in fact, the tribe which had murdered the Dutchmen in 1642 had itself been murdered long before 1770. The next business was to find whether Tasman and his Pilot had been right when they had thought that the currents in the bay made it probable that it was the entrance to a passage. Cook thought so too; and he proved that they and he were right. While Banks and Solander were botanising, he "climbed to the top of a hill, and in about an hour returned in high spirits, having seen the Eastern Sea and satisfied himself of the existence of a strait communicating with it." An old native told him further that the land South of the passage was not a continent, but consisted of two islands that might be circumnavigated in a few days. On the 7th of February, 1770, he sailed through "our new straits"&mdash;which, says Banks, "are to be called Cook's Straits"&mdash;feeling "the force of the tide which roared like a mill-stream and ran at four knots when it flowed fastest." Some of the officers still thought it possible that the land they had now three-quarters circumnavigated might nevertheless be united to a continent by an isthmus somewhere between Cook's Straits and Cape Turnagain. To settle this question, Cook sailed North till Cape Turnagain was seen from the South. "I then," says Cook, "called the officers upon the deck, and asked them if they were now satisfied that this land was an island, to which they answered in the affirmative." It remained to be seen whether the land to the South was also, as the old man had told them, no part of a continent, but two islands that might be circumnavigated in a few days. They sailed Southward; and Banks who, though he had his doubts, was an enthusiastic "continent-monger," noted with regret that "the land inclined a good deal to the West." "We on board," he writes, "were of two parties, one who wished that the land in sight might, the other that it might not, be a continent. I myself have always been most firm in the former wish, though sorry I am that my party is so small, that I firmly believe that there are none more heartily desirous of it than myself and one poor midshipman; the rest begin to sigh for roast beef"; an accusation marvellously unjust to Cook, to whom discovery was meat and drink, and who would have preferred a continent, and indeed something very much smaller, to all the roast beef of Old England. By the 10th of March, it had become evident "much to the regret of us continent-mongers," that the coast was falling away to an end. They supposed Stewart Island to be a peninsula, and were carried round a point "to the total destruction of our aerial fabric called Continent." They coasted Northward, noting "steep hills covered with prodigious fine woods," a beautiful and fertile country, yet without the smallest sign of inhabitants. On the 25th of March, they were once more in the western entrance of Cook's Straits, and two days later anchored in a bay which was called "Admiralty Bay." Cook noticed another bay to his Westward, which he did not explore. He called it "Blind Bay," and believed that it was Tasman's Murderers' Bay. And he was nearly right. Murderers' Bay is a small bay in the North-West of Cook's Blind Bay. The search for Dalrymple's continent had come to an end. Cook had sailed over it, East, North and West. He had proved that it came nowhere near Chili, nowhere near Tahiti, nowhere near New Zealand. This was a disappointment for "continent-mongers." Yet there was consolation for sensible people. For New Zealand, though not part of a golden continent, was a group of islands, beautiful and fertile, fit in all ways to be the happy home of British colonists. Both Cook and Banks write with high praise of the richness of the soil, shown by the growth of trees, the straightest, the cleanest, the largest, Banks had ever seen, of timber "fit for any kind of buildings, and thick enough to make masts for vessels of any size." "It was the opinion of everyone on board," wrote Cook, "that all sorts of European grain, fruit, plants, etc., would thrive here; in short, was this country settled by an industrious people, they would very soon be supplied not only with necessaries, but many of the luxuries of life. Should it ever become an object of settling this country, the best plan for the first fixing of a colony would be either in the River Thames or the Bay of Islands." Both these places have good harbours. In the River Thames ships might be built, and settlements might easily extend inland. Banks also votes for the River Thames, as "in every respect the most proper place we have yet seen for establishing a colony." So New Zealand is an excellent place for a colony. "After displaying the English colours," wrote Cook, "I took formal possession of the place in the name of His Majesty." Indeed our wonder must be that colonisation was so long delayed. Cook's "instructions" said that he was to return to England either by way of Cape Horn, or by way of the Cape of Good Hope. There was no suggestion that he might return by way of the East coast of New Holland. But Cook was allowed to think things out for himself, and was free "to return to England by such route as I should think proper." He would have liked to return by way of Cape Horn, to settle the question whether there was a continent further down South than he had sailed this voyage. But sails and rigging, says Banks, had been rendered so bad by the blowing weather off New Zealand, that we were by no means in condition to face the hard gales which must be expected in a winter passage so far South. It would have been easy enough to sail home by way of the Cape; but there would have been no chance by that way to make discoveries. They had still on board six months' provisions at two-thirds allowance; and that was enough to allow them to go home by another way, a way by which no ship had ever yet sailed, and which was bound to lead them to very interesting discoveries. "It was resolved," says Cook ,"upon leaving this coast to steer to the Westward until we fall in with the East coast of New Holland, and then to follow the direction Northward, or whatever direction it might take us, until we arrive at its Northern extremity; or, if this should be found impracticable, then to endeavour to fall in with the land or islands discovered by Quiros"&mdash;that is our New Hebrides. From Point Hicks Cook sailed North, looking for a harbour. On the 22nd of April, he noted Bateman's Bay as a place "very little sheltered, and yet the only likely anchoring place I have yet seen on the coast." Next day he vainly sought an anchorage in the neighbourhood of "the Pigeon House." On the 26th he noted that Jervis Bay appeared to be sheltered from the North-East wind; but the appearance was not favourable enough to induce him to "lose time in beating up to it." On the same day Banks compared the country to "the back of a lean cow, covered in general with long hairs, but, nevertheless, where her scraggy hip bones have stuck out further than they ought, accidental rubs and knocks have entirely bared them of their share of covering." On the 28th they tried to land in the yawl at some place near Wollongong, but they were prevented by "the great surf which beat everywhere upon the shore." Banks had to be content to "gaze upon, the products of nature" in one of the most lovely and fertile regions of Australia. Cook's chief wish was for water. He dug in the sand, and found a little. He crossed to the North side, but found only some pools on the rocks. He returned to his diggings in the South, "by which means and a small stream they found fresh water sufficient to water the ship." "A very fine stream" was afterwards found on the North Shore "in the first sandy cove within the island, before which the ship might lie almost land-locked, and wood for fuel might be got everywhere." On the 2nd of May a party of ten explored the South Shore, and "walked," says Banks, "till we completely tired ourselves." The country, he notes, "consists of either swamps or light sandy soil," and its products are gum trees, and "vast quantities of grass." Cook's impressions were more favourable. The country, he says, was "diversified with woods, lawns and marshes. The woods are free from underwood of every kind, and the trees are at such a distance from one another, that the whole country, or at least a great part of it, might be cultivated without being obliged to cut down a single tree. We found the soil everywhere, except in the marshes, to be of a light white sand, and produceth a quantity of good grass, which grows in little tufts about as big as one can hold in one's hand, and pretty close to one another; in this manner the surface of the ground is coated." James Cook, the farm-labourer's boy, knew far more about agriculture than I do. But may I ask, is "light white sand" particularly suitable for "cultivation"? In fact, no cultivators have yet tried the experiment; and the "light white sand" still remains unfurrowed and undug a few miles away from a population of nearly a million. I understand, however, that there are horses in the bush who agree with Cook that the grass which it produceth is "good." On the 4th of May, while Banks gave the day to drying his "collection of plants, now grown immensely large," Cook went in the pinnace "to the head of the bay; after which," he says, "we took water and went almost to the head of the inlet." Here he landed and travelled some distance inland. The country was as before, but "much richer"; for "instead of sand," writes Cook, "I found in many places a deep black soil, which we thought was capable of producing any kind of grain. At present it produceth, besides timber, as fine meadow as ever was seen; however, we found it not all like this, some places were very rocky, but this I believe to be uncommon. The stone is sandy and very proper for building." On the afternoon of the 5th, Cook crossed to the North Shore, and walked three or four miles towards the future site of Sydney. "We met with nothing remarkable," he says; "great part of the country, for some distance inland from the sea coast is mostly a barren heath diversified with marshes and morasses." One may to-day take Cook's afternoon walk, and still find "a barren heath diversified with marshes and morasses," though a suburb is at last on its fringe. It is a lovely bush walk, on the side of still lovelier coastal scenery. But Cook was thinking, not of scenery, but of commerce and colonies; and the Sydney side showed "nothing remarkable." What name shall we give to this bay, so "capacious, safe and commodious?" Two things had seemed specially remarkable, the fish and the wild-flowers. Shall we name it after its stingrays, or after its botany? The stingrays seemed likely to win. The-seamen's journals are full of praise of their number and of their size. But, though Banks ate stingrays with reasonable appetite&mdash;"a stingray," he says, "was not quite so good as a skate, nor was it much inferior,"&mdash;he was far more excited about his collection of plants, now grown so immensely large that it had become necessary to take extraordinary care lest they should spoil in the books. One day, he says, he "carried ashore all the drying paper, nearly two hundred quires, of which the greater part was full, and spreading them upon a sail in the sun, kept them in this manner exposed the whole day, and sometimes turning the quires in which there were plants inside out. By this means they came on board at night in very good condition." They are still in very good condition, in spite of a bad soaking in the Endeavour River, and some of them are now in the Mitchell Library in Sydney, a few miles from the spot where they were gathered a century and a half ago. No wonder if Banks began to think them more worthy than a 336 lbs. stingray to give name to the bay. But the evening before Cook sailed, "the yawl"&mdash;so he tells the story&mdash;"returned from fishing, having caught two stingrays weighing near 600 lbs.," and they had a jolly good supper. The time had come to name the bay, and after such a supper, what name could be given but "Stingray Harbour? "And that name was given. "The great quantity of this sort of fish found in this place," wrote Cook in his journal, "occasioned my giving it the name of Stingray Harbour." And whenever, in the course of his voyage up North, he mentioned the bay, he always called it "Stingray Harbour." After reading these words, we turn with interest to Banks's account of his week at Botany Bay, and expect to find some glowing picture of the place which had impressed his mind so favourably. We are disappointed and even amazed! Not one word is there to suggest that, as he walked himself tired over the light sandy soil of the South Shore, tramped the sandy moors of the North, or looked for shells on Bare Island, he was dreaming of a British colony on "soil superior to most that have been settled by Europeans." He had described Tahiti as "an Arcadia." He had recommended the River Thames in New Zealand as "the most proper place we have yet seen for establishing a colony." But he has no such words of praise for Botany Bay. Reading his journal, we get the impression that he thought Botany Bay to be a very good place for botanists, and a very bad place for colonists. And, if he thought that, he thought right. The curious thing is that, while Banks, the enthusiast, has no word of praise for anything in Botany Bay except its botany, Cook, the cautious, has praise for nearly everything. It is Cook who describes the bay as "capacious, safe and commodious," and who points to "the very fine stream" on the North Shore, in a place where "a ship might lie almost land-locked." It is Cook who says that the country might be cultivated without the cutting down of a single tree. It is Cook who found at the head of the inlet "a deep black soil capable of producing any kind of grain," and that did produce "as fine meadow as ever was seen." It is Cook again who notes that "the stone is sandy and very proper for building." In short it is Cook who thought that Botany Bay would be a good place for a settlement. One may guess that his conversation impressed his friends, and among them Banks. Banks's recommendation of Botany Bay as a place of settlement leaves me puzzled. But we may note, in partial explanation, that, while it receives no support from his own journal, it receives fairly good support from Cook's. It was a clear moonlight night, and he sailed with a fine breeze of wind. The water deepened from twelve fathoms to twenty-one, and then suddenly fell to twelve, ten, eight. Cook ordered all to their stations, and prepared to anchor. But again they had twenty and twenty-one fathoms, and continued in that depth until a few minutes before 11 p.m., when they had seventeen;&mdash;and, before the man at the lead could heave another cast, the ship struck. Banks, thinking the danger past, had gone to bed in perfect security; but, he writes, "scarcely were we warm in our beds when we were called up with the alarming news of the ship being fast upon a rock, of which she in a few minutes convinced us by beating very violently against it. We were upon sunken coral rocks, the most dreadful of all on account of their sharp points and grinding quality, which cut through, the ship's bottom almost immediately." Cook had, as usual, undressed and gone to bed; and he was probably, as usual when in bed, sound asleep. But he "was upon deck in his drawers as the second blow was struck, and gave his orders with his wonted coolness and precision"&mdash;so Banks long afterwards told the story to a famous statesman, the son of an old school-mate. The ship had struck "about the top of high water" at 11 p.m. The hope was to get her off at the next high tide. They threw overboard guns, ballast, casks, hoop-staves, decayed stores&mdash;forty or fifty tons&mdash;but the ship was not afloat by a foot or more. The tide again ebbed, and again rose, and the leak gained upon the pumps. "It was," writes Cook in careful language, "an alarming and terrible circumstance, and threatened immediate destruction." Banks despaired of the ship, packed what might possibly be saved, and prepared for the worst. The only hope now was to haul on the anchors. Yet, if the ship were got off the rocks, the leak would be still bigger, and the end would come at once. The land could be seen eighteen or twenty-one miles away. But "we well knew," writes Banks, "that our boats were not capable of carrying us all ashore, so that some, probably most of us, must be drowned; a better fate, may be, than those would have who should get ashore without arms to defend themselves from the Indians, or provide themselves with food, in a country where we had not the least reason to hope for subsistence, so barren had we always found it; and, had they even met with good usage from the natives and food to support them, debarred from the hope of ever seeing again their native country, or conversing with any but savages, perhaps the most uncivilised in the world." The leak, though less, still gave anxiety, and it was decided to "fother" the ship. Cook gave the job to Midshipman Monkhouse, who had seen the thing done. Banks describes it in detail. A large quantity of finely chopped oakum and wool was loosely stitched to a sail, which was sunk under the ship. The hope was that the oakum and wool would be sucked into the leak, and would close it. The experiment was entirely successful. "In about a quarter of an hour, to our great surprise, the ship was pumped dry, and, upon letting the pumps stand, she was found to make very little water." The boats were sent to look for a harbour, and returned with good news. They had found the mouth of a river, the entrance of which "was, to be sure, narrow enough and shallow, but, when once in, the ship might be moved afloat so near the shore that, by a stage from her to it, all the cargo might be got out and in again in a short time." Entangled among shoals, Cook cautiously groped towards the opening. Twice in the narrow channel the ship ran ashore. But "by the evening she was moored within twenty feet of the shore, and before night much lumber was taken out of her." But greatest excitement was caused by news of "an animal as large as a greyhound, of a mouse colour, and very swift." Banks himself got an imperfect view of the strange monster&mdash;"he was not only like a greyhound in size and running, but had a tail as long as any greyhound's; what to liken him to I could not tell; nothing that I have seen at all resembles him." Later, the monsters were chased by Banks's dog; "but they beat him, owing to the length and thickness of the grass, which prevented him from running, while they, at every bound leapt over the tops of it. We observed, much to our surprise, that instead of going on all fours, the animal went only upon two legs, making vast bounds." At last Lieutenant Gore, "had the good fortune to kill the animal which had so long been the subject of our speculation. To compare it to any European animal would be impossible, as it had not the least resemblance to any one I have seen." Next day they ate it for dinner, and it proved "excellent meat." Later they spent a day "hunting the wild animal," and killed "a very large one, weighing eighty-four pounds." Banks saw many other remarkable things. The nests of white ants reminded him of Druidical monuments. The pinnace brought back cockles so large that one of them contained twenty pounds of meat, more than two men could eat. The coxswain, who was a little man, said that he had seen a shell so large that he had been able to get inside it. Cocoa-nuts were picked up crested with barnacles;&mdash;"a sure sign that they have come by sea," probably from the land discovered by Quiros&mdash;our New Hebrides. How far that land lay to Eastward Cook thought it hard to say. But at all events he had, so he claimed made it "morally certain" that Quiros "never was upon any portion of this coast." He did not know that, the year before, Bougainville had made the same thing absolutely certain by sailing from the land of Quiros to the reefs off New Holland. One day Banks and Lieutenant Gore walked a good way up the river, and Banks made the most favourable remark that he ever made about any part of Australia. The country, he said, was "generally low, thickly covered with long grass, and seemed to promise great fertility, were the people to plant and improve it." They camped for the night on the banks of the river, and made a fire; but the mosquitoes "followed us into the very smoke, nay almost into the fire, which, hot as the climate was, we could better bear the heat of than their intolerable stings." Next day they hunted "the animal," and camped at night on a broad sand-bank, lying on plaintain leaves under the shade of a bush. The mosquitoes did not trouble, and the weary were at rest&mdash;"all of us slept almost without intermission." They returned to the ship next day, shooting some ducks, and observing a seven-foot alligator crawl from the mangroves into the water. It was in the Endeavour River that the Englishmen made their only successful attempt to become acquainted with the natives. At Botany Bay these had remained sullenly hostile. At Bustard Bay and Thirsty Sound none had been seen. But at Endeavour River a very precarious friendship was established. For, though the natives showed no interest in the Englishmen's toys, they showed a very deep interest in the turtles which the Englishmen caught on the reef. They came on board ship and asked for one, and when their request was refused&mdash;it was their reef, and therefore it was their turtle&mdash;they began to haul it away. And, when the unjust Englishmen took it from them, they started a bush-fire, which all but consumed Banks's tent. "I had little idea;" he writes, "of the fury with which the grass burnt in this hot climate, nor of the difficulty of extinguishing it, when once alighted." The men of science were anxious to see if the natives of the East resembled the natives of the West, who had been described by Dampier, in general "a faithful relater." "They are," Dampier had written, "of a very unpleasing aspect, having no one graceful feature in their faces. Their hair is short and curled like that of the negroes, and not long and lank like the common Indians. The colour of their skins is coal-black, like that of the negroes of Guinea." And he had mentioned that "the two fore-teeth of their upper jaw are wanting in all of them." Banks noticed that the appearance of the Eastern natives was different. They did not want front teeth. Their hair was lank, and neither woolly nor frizzled. Their outside appeared the colour of wood-soot; but, as they were covered with eternal filth, the native colour of the subterranean skin was hard to tell. Banks, with his usual scientific thoroughness, spat on his finger, and tried to penetrate the crust. As he worked deeper, the colour altered very little, but perhaps was nearer chocolate than coal-black. They had holes through their noses, with "sprit-sail yards rigged across," said the sailors. Still they were very much pleasanter to look at than had been the inhuman creatures whom Dampier had seen in the West. Cook thought their features "far from being disagreeable," and their voices "soft and tunable." They lived, however, like Dampier's Westerners. "They seem," writes Cook, "to have no fixed habitation, but move about from place to place, like wild beasts in search of food. We never saw one inch of cultivated ground in the whole country. Their houses are mean small hovels, not much bigger than an oven. They have not the least knowledge of iron or any other metal; their working tools must be of stone, bone and shell." Their darts, however, could be hurled by throwing-sticks to a distance of forty or fifty yards with almost, if not quite, as good an aim as an English musket. It was Cook's duty, as an eighteenth-century philosopher, to add that, though the natives of New Holland were apparently the most wretched people on the earth, they were "in reality far more happier than we Europeans, being wholly unacquainted with the necessary conveniences so much sought after in Europe; they are happy in not knowing the use of them." Banks expressed the same opinion; but, as we have seen, he had no wish to stay in New Holland to learn the happiness of the simple life. Meanwhile Cook had been tied to the ship, anxiously supervising repairs, and sending out boats to seek a channel among baffling shoals and reefs. He never found time even to go to the head of the harbour. He climbed the hills, however, and saw "a melancholy prospect of the difficulties we are to encounter; for, in whatever direction we looked, it was covered with shoals as far as the eye could see." At last, on the 6th of August, he put to sea to face one of the most dangerous tasks that has ever been faced by seamen. He knew that the ship was in a bad state, though happily he did not know how very bad its state was. He had provisions only for three months, at short allowance. He had to race against time through a sea of which he had no knowledge save that, in the very face of him, it bristled with difficulties and dangers. If ever Cook in later years had bad dreams&mdash;though I do not believe he had&mdash;they were probably founded on his experience between Endeavour River and Cape York. The voyage was a nightmare in navigation. Probably Cook did not dream about it; but he described it, in words that were as true as they were simple, as "the most dangerous navigation that perhaps ever ship was in." Sending the pinnace ahead to sound, Cook kept a lookout from the mast-head. He could see no passage;&mdash;nothing but breakers extending endlessly to sea. He made a little way Northward; but his hopes were disappointed by more reefs and breakers, "in a manner all round us"; and in hot bad temper he called one deceiving headland "Cape Flattery." Landing on an island, he climbed a high hill, whence he saw a reef of rocks, two miles away, extending out of sight, on which the sea broke very high. It was the outer edge of the Great Barrier Reef. He saw several breaks in the reef, and he determined to sail through one of them into the open sea. "By keeping in with the main land we should be in continual danger, besides the risk we should run in being locked in with reefs and shoals." So he sailed through the passage in the Barrier Reef that is now known by his name, and "found a large sea rolling in from the South-East," which gave him "no small joy." Ever since the 26th of May he had been "entangled amongst islands and shoals." He had "sailed above three hundred and sixty leagues (a thousand and eighty miles) by the lead, without ever having a leadsman out of the chains when the ship was under sail; a circumstance that perhaps never happened to any ship before, and yet it was here absolutely necessary." Cook now sailed outside the Barrier Reef. But the course was unsatisfactory. He was missing the chance of surveying an unknown coast. He was also afraid of "overshooting the passage (between New Holland and New Guinea), supposing there to be one"; and he "firmly believed" there was one. And he now found that the dangers of the outside course were even greater than those of the inside. The "large hollow sea" proved that the ship had been more damaged than had been thought, and one pump had to be kept constantly at work. The trade wind blew them towards the reef, and they studied its formation with an interest that was keener than that of simple curiosity, and made Banks write an admirable description. "A reef such as one speaks of is scarcely known in Europe. It is a wall of coral rock, rising almost perpendicularly out of the unfathomable ocean, always overflown at high water, generally seven or eight feet, and dry in places at low water. The large waves of the vast ocean, meeting with so sudden a resistance, make a terrible surf breaking mountains high, especially where the general trade wind blows directly upon it." The tide dragged them within eighty or a hundred yards of the breakers. "The same sea that washed the side of the ship rose in a breaker prodigiously high the very next time it did rise; so that between us and destruction was only a dismal valley, the breadth of one wave, and even now no bottom could be felt with one hundred and twenty fathoms." Shipwreck seemed inevitable. Land was thirty miles away, and the boats could not possibly carry the crew. "All the dangers we had escaped were little in comparison of being thrown upon this reef, where the ship must be dashed to pieces in a moment." Cook had leapt from the frying-pan into the fire, and was now glad that a second leap had brought him back into nothing hotter than the frying-pan. He was again encompassed on every side by islands and shoals; "but so much does a greater danger swallow lesser ones that those once dreaded spots were now looked upon with less concern." Moreover he was determined to clear up once for all the ancient uncertainty whether or not a strait existed between New Holland and New Guinea. In this determination he was facing a great risk. If there proved to be not a strait but a bay, he would have to fight out, as Bougainville had fought out, against the trade wind, and in most dangerous seas. But he had been convinced, by Dalrymple's map, and by Banks's explanations, that it was very probable there was a strait, and he had come "to the fixed resolution" to bring home exact news of it. It is hard to trace his progress among shoals and islands "by a route that no one has again followed," with a boat all the time ahead signalling shallow water. On the 22nd of August they observed that "the main looked very narrow; so we began," says Banks, "to look out for the passage we expected to find between New Holland and New Guinea. At noon one was seen, very narrow, but appearing to widen." Cook named the Northern Promontory "York Cape, in honour of his late Royal Highness." Both Cook and Banks wrote long descriptions of the land which they had coasted for two thousand miles. Banks's description was in the highest degree unfavourable. We cannot rightly be angry with him, for he wrote an accurate description of what he saw. But we may regret that our candid friend did not see some of the more pleasing aspects of the country which he was to recommend nine years later as the best possible place for a British settlement. One would imagine, as one reads his journal, that his main purpose was to make quite sure that no Englishman would ever think of settling in Australia. "In the whole length of the coast which we sailed along there was a very unusual sameness to be observed in the face of the country. Barren it may justly be called, and in a very high degree, at least as far as we saw. The soil in general is sandy and very light; on it grows grass tall enough, but thin set, and trees of a tolerable size, never however near together, being in general forty, fifty or sixty feet apart. This and spots of loose sand, sometimes very large, constitute the general face of the country, as you sail along it, and, indeed, the greater part even after penetrating inland as far as our situation would allow us to do. The banks of the bays were generally clothed with thick mangroves, sometimes for a mile or more in breadth. The soil under these is rank, and always overflowed every spring tide. Inland you sometimes meet with a bog, upon which the grass grows rank and thick, so that no doubt the soil is sufficiently fertile. The valleys also between the hills, where runs of water come down, are thickly clothed with underwood; but they are generally very steep and narrow, so that upon the whole, the fertile soil bears no kind of proportion to that which seems by nature doomed to everlasting barrenness. Water is a scarce article, or at least was so when we were there (April to August), which I believe to have been the very height of the dry season. At some places we saw not a drop. This drought is probably owing to the dryness of a soil entirely composed of sand in which high hills are scarce. "A soil so barren, and at the same time entirely void of the help derived from cultivation, could not be supposed to yield much to the support of man. We had been so long at sea, with but a scanty supply of fresh provisions, that we had long been used to eat everything we could lay our hands upon, fish, flesh, or vegetables, if only they were not poisonous, yet we could only now and then procure a dish of bad greens for our own table, and never, except in the place where the ship was careened, did we meet with sufficient quantity to supply the ship"; and Banks gives a list of the "bad greens" they had managed to eat. They had found no eatable fruits, save in the South a cherry with nothing but a slightly acid taste to recommend it, and in the North "a very indifferent fig." They tried some palm nuts, but were "deterred from a second experiment by a hearty fit of vomiting." The hogs ate the nuts with good appetite, and the men envied the hogs their powers of digestion; but two hogs died, and the rest were saved only by careful nursing. The only useful plants were the gum tree, and a bulrush which gave a resin of a bright yellow. In view of the barrenness of the soil, the variety of the plants seemed wonderful, but they were as useless as they were varied. Even the timber was so hard, that the carpenter who cut firewood complained that his tools were damaged. As to fish, flesh and fowl, voyagers sick of sea-fare could eat with joy anything that was not salt and that was not poisonous. "A hawk or a crow was to us as delicate, and perhaps a better relished meal than a partridge or a pheasant to those who had plenty of dainties." But "kangooroos" were scarce, and birds were shy. "A crow in England, though in general sufficiently wary, is, I must say, a fool to a New Holland crow; and the same may be said of almost all, if not all the birds of the country." And, making an effort to say all that could be said for the country, he concludes as follows:&mdash;"Upon the whole, New Holland, though in every respect the most barren country I have seen, is not so bad but that, between the production of sea and land, a company who had the misfortune to be shipwrecked upon it might support themselves even by the resources that we have seen; undoubtedly a longer stay and a visit to different parts would discover many more." That was the best that Mr. Banks could say in favour of our country. He made no suggestion that colonists would do well to settle in New South Wales; the nearest he got to that suggestion was in the remark, that "were any man to settle here," he would find the study of ants uncommonly interesting&mdash;industrious as they are, their courage, if possible, excels their industry." On the other hand, Cook's description shows that, in his opinion, New South Wales might in time prove to be a good place for British colonists. He states plainly, it is true, that "the land naturally produced hardly anything fit for man to eat," that "the natives know nothing of agriculture," and that "the country itself, so far as we know, doth not produce any one thing that can become an article in trade to invite Englishmen to fix a settlement upon it." However, he continues, "this Eastern side is not that barren and undesirable country that Dampier and others have described the Western side to be. We are to consider that we see this country in the pure state of nature; the industry of man has had nothing to do with any part of it, and yet we find all such things as nature has bestowed upon it in a flourishing state. In this extensive country, it can never be doubted but what most sorts of grain, fruit, roots, etc., of every kind would flourish here were they once brought hither, planted and cultivated by the hands of industry, and here are provender for more cattle at all seasons of the year than ever can be brought into the country." It is "indifferently well watered, even in the dry seasons, with small brooks and springs, but no great rivers, unless it be the wet season." The soil, though sandy, is "indifferently fertile, and clothed with woods, long grass, shrubs, plants, etc." The coast North of 25° "abounds with a great number of fine bays and harbours, sheltered from all winds." It was not Cook's way to write with enthusiasm. He said enough to show that he thought the soil of New South Wales would probably do "indifferently well" if "planted and cultivated by the hands of industry." And when he wrote "hands of industry," he meant, not hands of convicts, but hands of ironside farmers from Scotland or Yorkshire. The voyage of discovery was finished. "On the West side," wrote Cook, "I can make no new discovery, the honour of which belongs to the Dutch navigators." He was henceforth in seas that had been charted by predecessors. He tried the coast of New Guinea, but, like, Torres, was driven off by everlasting shoals, after "one of the most fortunate escapes we have ever had from shipwreck." They managed, however, to land on a part of the coast that is "scarcely known to this day." They tried to climb some cocoa-nut trees, but failed to do so. Cook, with remarkable humanity, refused to cut down the trees, because that would certainly have led to an attack by the natives, and to undeserved slaughter. He determined to leave the New Guinea coast, and make for Batavia. Banks, who never could get enough of travel and adventure, complains that nearly everybody was homesick. No one in the ship, he says, was free from this contemptible disease, except the Captain, Dr. Solander and himself; "and we three," he explains, "have ample employment for our minds." It was true, indeed, that the sailors, if not very homesick, were, at all events, very hungry for roast beef. And anyone but Cook and Banks would have forgiven them, when he remembered that for two years and a half&mdash;apart from the good things at Tahiti&mdash;they had lived mainly on ancient salt junk, and on biscuits so full of crawling things that they tasted like mustard. They wanted to land at Timor, to get at least a good dinner or two. But the Dutch had a strong fort there, and regarded every foreigner with a jealous eye. So Cook sailed on, and the sailors said something that has not been recorded. But when they came by chance to the little Dutch island of Savu, and saw "a flock of cattle grazing," the demand for roast beef could not be resisted. The Dutch allowed Cook to buy buffaloes&mdash;at an extortionate price. But they complained that the English were far too inquisitive about spices. And, indeed, Parkinson the draughtsman afterwards boasted that he had taken nutmegs and cloves ashore, and had found that the people were acquainted with them. On the 4th of October Cook was off Java, and got the news of the day, or rather of the year, from a Dutch ship. It was that "the Government in England was in the utmost disorder, the people crying up and down the streets: 'Down with King George! King Wilkes for ever!'" that "the Americans had refused to pay taxes of any kind, and an English army had been sent to deal with the rebellion." He anchored at Batavia on the 11th of October. Banks had not been too ill to use his eyes and to take notes. The country reminded him of the flatness of his native Lincolnshire. The canals made carriage very cheap, but also made the air very unwholesome. He writes high praise of the fertility and wealth of Java. He describes the Dutch management of the spice business. Nutmegs, for example, have been extirpated in all the islands except Banda, "which easily supplies the world, and would easily supply another, if the Dutch had another to supply." He understood, however, that there were spices on islands away to the East, which the Dutch had not examined. In a curious and not very pleasing passage, he discusses the chance of capturing Batavia, and decides that it is a very good one. The defences are weak; and, of every hundred soldiers who arrive, at the end of the year fifty are dead, twenty-five in the hospital, and not ten in perfect health. Banks evidently thought, as Bougainville had thought two years before, that it would be well to claim a share in the spice trade, in the teeth, which were not very sound teeth, of the Dutch dog in the manger. At last the South-East trade-wind brought relief. They came to Capetown in March 1771, and stayed a month. The Australian, whose feelings have been a little hurt by Banks's statement that his country is in every respect the most barren country he had ever seen, is pleased to find that he thought South Africa more barren still. "The infinite and, to an European, almost inconceivable barrenness of the country," he wrote, "makes it necessary that people should spread themselves very widely"; and Cook wrote plainly that no country seen this voyage&mdash;not even New Holland!&mdash;"afforded so barren a prospect as this, and not only so in appearance, but in reality." The true importance of the Cape, it was rightly observed, was as the half-way house between Europe and Asia; "the whole town may be considered as one great inn fitted up for the reception of all comers and goers." Banks, as always, has interesting things to say about the ladies. "In general," he wrote, "they are handsome, and when married (no reflection upon my countrywomen), are the best housekeepers imaginable, and great child-bearers. Had I been inclined for a wife, I think this is the place of all others I have seen where I could have best suited myself." The fact, however, is that, when Banks was inclined for a wife, he suited himself in England. They reached St. Helena on the 1st of May, and stayed until the 5th. Cook was nearing home. On the 18th of June he got late political news from New England schooners cruising for whales. King George had behaved very ill for some time, but the colonists had brought him to terms at last. Disputes were at an end; "and to confirm this, the Master said that the coat on his back was made in Old England." On the 13th of July Cook anchored in the Downs. "I flatter myself," he wrote to the Admiralty, "that the discoveries we have made, though not great, will apologize for the length of the voyage." Their Lordships replied that they extremely well approved of the whole of Cook's proceedings. Cook had an hour's talk with the King, who was pleased to express his approbation. The Royal Society also was gratified. Cook had been well worth his hundred and twenty guineas, and the grant of four thousand pounds had proved more than was needed. The Society generously voted that the balance should be expended on a bust:&mdash;a bust not, of course, of Cook, but of George. "I have made no great discoveries," Cook repeats in a letter to his old employer, Mr. Walker, of Whitby, "yet I have explored more of the South Sea than all that have gone before me; in so much that little remains now to be done to have a thorough knowledge of that part of the globe." There is a curiously apologetic tone in all Cook's estimates of the value of his discoveries. He had to meet the accusations of geographers, like Dalrymple, that he had not discovered the Southern Continent. And he can only modestly suggest in self-defence that one reason of his failure is that the continent does not exist. But Banks, at all events, had no need to apologize. Geographical discoveries might not be satisfactory to geographers. But botanical discoveries had far surpassed the great expectations of botanists. Mr. John Ellis, Fellow of the Royal Society, who had written to Linnaeus the great news that Banks and Solander were setting forth, now wrote to him the still greater news that they had returned:&mdash;returned "laden with the greatest treasure of natural history that ever was brought into any country at one time by two persons." Linnaeus implored his correspondent to persuade Solander to send him "some specimens of plants from Banksia in Terra Australis"; for, he added, "the newfound country ought to be named 'Banksia' from its discoverer as America from Americus." The great botanist will see these specimens as Moses saw Canaan. He has been distressed, and even deprived of sleep, by the report that Solander intends to set out on a new voyage before cataloguing what he has brought home:&mdash;"this matchless and truly astonishing collection, such as has never been seen before, nor may ever be again." There were good reasons in those days to approve the change of name of "Stingray Harbour" to "Botany Bay"! The week spent on its sandy shores was to make an epoch in botanical studies, as well as in political geography. It led to the foundation of Sydney, and to the British colonization of Australia. And it also, wrote a famous botanist of later date, "proved the example and spur of all that has been done for natural science, during half a century, in Britain, perhaps in every quarter of the world."