Production Notes: More than two-thirds of the newspaper articles in this "scrapbook" fall naturally into one of a number of broad topics. These include letters and journals, from ordinary people, from the military and from convicts, about the state of the colony, crime and transportation and the vicissitudes of life in the new colony of New South Wales. Marginal dates and headlines have been omitted. Apart from the making of a Table of Contents and the adding of a new title, nothing else in the original, including presentation order, has been changed, except the updating of some of the punctuation. "The humble petition of the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London,&mdash; "Sheweth,&mdash; "That your petitioners, the magistrates for the City of London, have had an opportunity of observing, with the most heartfelt concern, the rapid and alarming increase of crimes and depredations in this city and its neighbourhood, especially within the last three years. "The fact of such increase is too publicly known and too severely felt by your Majesty's subjects to be doubted; and if any direct proof of it were wanting, it will most evidently appear from the number of days employed in the trial of felons at the Old Bailey, which, upon an average of the last three years, have been upwards of fifty-five in the year, whereas the highest average of any three years prior to the year 1776 was less than forty-five, and the general average of twenty years prior to that period less than thirty-four days in the year. "That the increase of the crime of burglary is become most alarming to your Majesty's subjects, which increase your petitioners are inclined to ascribe to the great number of experienced and well-practised thieves in the kingdom, who commit this atrocious crime with such art that scarce any precautions are sufficient to guard against it. And the same experience that enables these offenders to perpetrate this offence with ease has probably convinced them that it is attended with less personal danger and hazard of detection than most other offences. "That in the years from January, 1766, to December, 1775, both inclusive (which time immediately preceded the stop that was put to transportation), above three thousand one hundred persons were transported from London and Middlesex alone; and having reason to believe that all the rest of the kingdom have furnished an equal number, the whole amount of the transports in these ten years have been above six thousand. That the number of prisoners tried and convicted of felony in the ten succeeding years, from the beginning of 1776 to 1786, having greatly increased, there is every reason to believe that if the executive justice had remained the same the transports in those years would have much exceeded the number of the ten preceding; but the regular course of transportation having been interrupted during that period, and few opportunities found by Government of sending convicts abroad&mdash;and those only in small numbers&mdash;your petitioners humbly submit to your Majesty that it necessarily follows that after making an allowance for the small number sent abroad, and for the convicts who may have died during that period, there must now remain within the kingdom, either at large or in the different prisons, at least four thousand persons who, in the judgment of the law, were proper to have been sent out of it. "That your petitioners humbly conceive that this dreadful accumulation is alone sufficient to account for all the evils that are so heavily felt and so justly complained of, both as to the overcrowded state of the gaols and the increase of crimes and of offenders. "To what extent the mischiefs that are so severely felt already, and the fatal consequences so justly apprehended, may be carried by a longer continuance of so rapid and alarming an accumulation of convicts within the kingdom, no human wisdom can foresee. "When facts so important as these, and which so materially affect the peace and security of your Majesty's subjects in general, and especially of this great city, have come within the knowledge of your petitioners, they would ill discharge their duty to your Majesty, or the public, if they neglected most humbly to lay them at the foot of the Throne, earnestly beseeching your Majesty to direct such measures to be taken, as to your Royal wisdom shall seem best, for providing a speedy and due execution of the law, both as to capital punishment and transportation; without which all other regulations must prove nugatory and abortive, and the mischiefs complained of must daily and rapidly increase." Mr. Urban, While the plan for settling a colony at Botany Bay is preparing to be carried into execution, the more objections that are made to it the better. Government will, by that means, be enabled to obviate them; to provide for every known want and supposed danger. You have observed that the eastern coast of New Holland is the least-inhabited and worst-cultivated country in the Southern Hemisphere. To this it has been answered that the want of cultivation is no proof of the barrenness of the soil, nor the deficiency of inhabitants a reason why the natural productions of the climate should not be sufficient for the support of a greater number; and, as an argument in favor of this assertion, the account that Lieut. Cook gives of Botany Bay is everywhere cited as an authority by those who, perhaps, never read his Voyage. [The writer quotes from Cook's Journals to show the dangerous character of the natives there. He then remarks]:&mdash; Mr. Urban, Presuming that your useful miscellany is circulated for information, and not disputation (at least disputation with acrimony), I am induced to reply to your correspondent H.D., who modestly says objections should be made (for a very commendable purpose) that they may be removed; and, as the latter part of his letter, more particularly distinguished by italics, claims the attention of your readers, I shall just say that it has certainly been the intention of Government to obviate every difficulty, and to render everything as permanently comfortable to the unhappy convicts as the nature of the case will admit. I advance this general testimony upon the presumption of those particulars which I have been an eye-witness to, and which are a strict and marked attention to their well-being by the respective officers under the Navy Board, both as to ships, provisions, and every necessary that they may stand in need of. To enumerate particulars would be needless; even trifles have been thought of. And when I compare the manner in which they are provided for in their voyage with the mode that used to be adopted, I hesitate not to assert that Government have paid a minute attention to them. One instance as a proof&mdash;they have now comfortable beds. Formerly, when the convicts were transported by contract to America, there were no beds. Government paid a certain sum, and the contractor took [care] that "no luxuries were allowed." That the best digested plans are capable of improvements there can be no doubt; but in this, at present, I think none can be pointed out. A general negative on the undertaking is no argument why it should not be, unless a plan on better principles can be advanced. Besides, can it be supposed for a moment that these men are to encounter with no difficulty? Do they deserve to meet with no difficulties? Are they to be treated by the mother country (I speak of them as an infant colony) as dutiful children? What shall I say? Let me turn your thoughts to the Loyalists that have lately emigrated from their improved estates, after perhaps a life of industry and honour&mdash;after leaving their dead friends and relatives on the spot, who fell in defence of the laws of the parent State (not transgressors against those laws). Look at them; see them encounter the difficulties of an inhospitable shore. See them in latitudes to which their constitutions were strangers, struggling to begin the world afresh. Revolve immediately in your mind the mild climate of 34&deg;, the very name of the spot the convicts are going to, the characters of the first visitors (I mean of our countrymen lately), who declare it favorable to vegetation and agriculture, and say if the delinquents are not bountifully provided for. How long have the American Indians been peaceful? Have not all new settlers difficulties to encounter with? Now, admitting for a moment, sir, that "there must be blood spilt," is it not better that even half die in battle who are doomed to a halter than that the whole should be hanged. But this is only a momentary supposition. As I have quoted the Loyalists (men, by-the-bye, that bear no comparison but in the name of new settlers), how are they situated now? Under a mild government, raising populous towns, carrying on extensive commerce, even to the envy of their neighbours. May we not hope that the spirit of reformation may take place, and under the fostering care of a generous and forgiving nation, this colony may one day flourish and be respectable, as no incentives to their natural propensities will remain by their vicinity to a large capital or populous cities, or to the luxuries of life? It is a possible presumption that it may be. A correspondent assures us that the female convicts in Newgate are to be sent with the first vessels to Botany Bay, but that the male convicts in the same jail and the other jails in the metropolis are to be sent to Africa. The convicts in the county jails are, however, to be sent to Botany Bay. The policy of this distinction is obvious&mdash;the country convicts are supposed to be fittest for agriculture, &amp;c.; while the villains of London are thought to be most proper to be sent to Africa. On the 7th of October, the Alexander, transport, threw out three signals of distress, upon which the Commodore ordered our boats to be manned and sent on board. The captain of the Alexander informed the commanding officer that his men had mutinied, and attempted to release the convicts, in order to strengthen themselves; but our well-timed assistance prevented those desperadoes from effecting their evil intention. Our people secured four of the most daring and sent them in irons on board the Siris [Sirius]. The principal part of the marines on board the Alexander being ill, and therefore unable to prevent any attempt they might make after our departure, the next day the Alexander sent two convicts on board our ship, they having been very disorderly the preceding night. On the 12th of October, to our great joy, we made Table Bay, and our Commodore having ordered the signal to be thrown out for all the ships to come into his wake, the captains received their instructions for the disposition in which the fleet was entered and moored. They immediately hoisted their colours, saluting the Commodore as they passed by, sailing into the bay. Joy now beamed in every countenance, and we congratulated each other on the pleasing prospect of plenty of fresh provisions, with abundance of herbs, roots, and fruits, the production of this fine country. Judge, then, after a run of 1,094 leagues, our happiness at the pleasing scene before our eyes. In passing into the bay our satisfaction was allayed by the loss of the second mate of the Friendship, a worthy character and a good seaman; he fell overboard and perished. On the 1st of November one of the Lady Penrhyn's women, a convict, fell overboard, but was saved by our boat. The next day we had the further satisfaction of preserving some Dutch seamen belonging to an East Indiaman, whose boat had overset in a gust of wind and was lost. Our worthy Commodore and our Agent, to whom the greatest praise is due for their humanity and attention, have given public notice to the masters of the different ships to hold themselves in readiness to receive sailing instructions on the 10th of December, as it is intended to quit the Cape of Good Hope on the 11th day of December. Whilst we remain here every person is allowed one pound and a-half of meat, one pound and a-half of bread, and one gallon of beer per diem; and I can assure you our agent has purchased plenty of belly timber for the remainder of the voyage. The only place proposed to stop at between the Cape and Botany Bay is the Island of Desolation, so called from its being a rock on which no herbage grows, in the centre of which rock is a beautiful lake of fresh water, a supply of which will be necessary to preserve our live stock. This island was discovered by Captain Cook, and, of course, named by that gallant commander.* It has but one port, called Christmas Harbour, so called from being discovered and entered into on that day. To be brief, our fleet will be in good repair; our seamen, soldiers, and convicts are in high spirits. The provision made by Government has filled the hearts of the new settlers with gratitude, and now has reconciled them to their fate. The more rational part of them are convinced that on their arrival at Botany Bay, by industry and attention, they will enjoy all the requisites reasonable beings can desire; that the disgrace they suffered in England, due to their crime, will by good behaviour at Botany Bay be buried in oblivion; that, removed from their wicked companions at London, they will have no seducing opportunities to swerve from the cause of virtue; and that in all probability they may be the founders of an empire greater than that from which they are banished. As many of the common people may be inclined to cut down and carry away timber-trees from gentlemen's inclosures for the purpose of May-bushes, we think it our duty to warn them of the danger of such depredations, which were always liable to the penalty of fine or whipping, but are now transportation by a late Act of Parliament. Such inconsiderate people should reflect that a silly drunken dance round a May-pole or bush is scarce worth the chance of taking a nine months' voyage to New Holland, and spending their lives in constant hard labour at Botany Bay. My Dear Friend, I did myself the pleasure to write to you from the Cape of Good Hope on the 17th of November last, and not doubting but that you received my letter in due time, I shall not repeat what I then said to you. I will endeavour now to give you a short sketch of our passage from the Cape to Botany Bay, and from thence to our present residence, and of the country round us, &amp;c. As far as I can recollect, we sailed from the Cape of Good Hope on the 20th of November, 1787,* having experienced three weeks of contrary winds and tempestuous weather. We at last doubled the Cape, and afterwards had rather a favourable passage to Botany Bay, where we arrived on the 19th of January, 1788.** Here we expected to find a beautiful country, &amp;c., as well as to rest ourselves from our fatigues at least for two or three years; but you will be as much surprised as we were disappointed when I assure you that there is not a spot of ground large enough for a cabbage-garden fit for cultivation within several miles of it, and barely fresh water sufficient to supply our present wants. The country, for several miles round it, is either swamps or rugged hills, covered with rocks and trees and underwood; and some, barren and sandy, covered with brushwood. Here we lay for four days, condoling on our hard fate, while his Excellency the Governor explored the coast to the northward. However, he at last returned with the pleasing account of having discovered the finest harbour in the world. Highly elated with this discovery, we quitted Botany (which by-the-bye is a beautiful bay, but does not afford safe anchorage all the year round for ships) on the 20th of January, in the morning, and in six hours after arrived at Port Jackson, the harbour above alluded to, which is only ten or twelve miles to the northward of Botany Bay. On the day following we landed at Sydney Cove (so called by the Governor), where we have fixed our residence, and laid a foundation for a colony. I am really not capable of describing this harbour, which is without exception, I believe, the finest in the known world. Suffice it to say, that it extends fourteen or fifteen miles into the country, forming many beautiful bays or coves on every side, which in the summer season abounds with variety of fish, but now being winter not a fish can be caught. I heartily wish I could say as much of the country round it, which is similar to that of Botany, but not quite so bad. There are some spots here and there at two or three miles distance from this cove which may be cultivated. The country has been explored for upwards of forty miles round us, and hardly one acre of ground could be found in any one place free from wood or rocks; and what is very singular, no fresh-water river, or even a spring, has as yet been discovered. The water we make use of is the oozing of the hills and swamps, which caused many diseases at the beginning; but now that we are used to it the bad effects have partially ceased. The natives are accurately described by Capt. Cook (I wish he had as faithfully described the country). They are, I believe, the most miserable of God's creatures! they are clad in nature's dress, and live chiefly on fish and nuts, which last we are not as yet well acquainted with. Their weapons are long poles, well mounted with hard wood, sharp-pointed, and shark's teeth, and all barbed, which they use indiscriminately in striking fish or assailing their enemies. Their working-tools are an axe and a chisel&mdash;the one, a piece of stone shaped and fixed in a piece of wood; the other made of an oyster-shell. Their huts are few and miserable, they in general inhabiting the cavities of rocks and hollow trees, which they burn for that purpose. When treated kindly they seem to be familiar and good-natured; still, in my opinion, they are treacherous, for they have murdered three or four of the convicts, whom they met unarmed. I say they are treacherous, because they never attacked any that were armed; the sight of a musket, if presented, would make a hundred of them scout. They will not suffer their women to be seen if they can avoid it. This miserable state of the natives appears to me to be a sure sign of the poverty of the country. Having now given you a sketch of this country and its productions, I leave you to form your own opinion of it. I shall only venture to say it will never answer the intentions of Government, and I make no doubt but we shall be recalled, which I sincerely wish. His Excellency the Governor has set on foot a brick manufactory, which succeeds to his wishes, having already burnt several thousands for his own house. We are all extremely busy in building huts, principally of the cabbage-trees, but only two officers are as yet hutted. You expect, perhaps, I'll give you some further account of myself and situation here. On this head I can only say that I am happy in the company of three messmates&mdash;no four could be more united, or more agreeable to each other; besides, I have enjoyed a tolerable share of good health, thank God, since I left England. Every officer on this settlement is allowed two acres of land, besides a certain space for a garden near his house. Four of us, uniting our estates, have already sown half an acre of wheat, which I am told by my farmer promises well. I propose to set a few potatoes next week, which are the produce of some I set on my arrival here, and which answered my expectations. I brought six sheep from the Cape at a great expence, and every one of them is either dead through the badness of this country or killed by some villains among the convicts, who, in spite of every punishment that can be inflicted, still persist in their former villainous practices. Four of them have been executed since our arrival here, and three more are very likely to suffer the same fate very shortly. I forgot to say we had a deal of thunder and lightning, which has done some damage, and a few days ago we had a slight shock of an earthquake. In short, I believe this country to be the outcast of God's works. I shall have an opportunity to write again in the course of two months by Mr. Sharp, master of the Golden Grove. A convict, who it is probable was a coiner,** having produced some bronze and metal resembling gold, said he had discovered a gold-mine, and on condition of being sent home with a favorite female convict he would shew it, and that he had sold a quantity of gold to a gentleman belonging to the Golden Grove, which was considered as so amazing an acquisition by the new settlers that his request was granted. Inquiry being made to whom the gold was sold, the convict replied, "To a black-complexioned man." On this, an immediate muster was made in his presence, but he was not able to point out the person. He still persisted in his discovery, and that he would point out the spot, on which an officer and twenty men were despatched with him in search of the place. After traversing about ten miles, he pretended to have occasion to go aside, and was permitted; but he set off by some other way to the settlement, and told the Deputy-Governor that the mine was so extensive it would need as many more hands to work and guard it, on which a fresh detachment was preparing to march in aid of the first, when, lo! the officer and his men came into garrison, telling how they had been tricked by this culprit. He was immediately put in irons, tried, and ordered a severe flogging; between every hundred lashes he was asked relative to the mine, and he persisted that he had discovered and knew where it was until he had received three hundred, when he confessed the whole to be a falsehood. Sir, You will excuse the imperfection of this account, but I shall give it in the best manner I am able. We made the South Cape of New Holland the 8th of January, 1788, in lat. 43&deg; 32' S., long. 146&deg; 56' E. The weather being very fine, we had an opportunity of taking a view of the South Cape on Van Dieman's Land, which appeared to us very high and mountainous. In the evening the inhabitants made a very large fire on a low sandy point of land, whether to welcome us or not we were not able to understand. We left the cape that evening, and proceeded for Botany Bay, at which place we arrived in twelve days. The natives, who appeared in numbers on Cape Banks, threw a great quantity of sticks and stones at our ships, some running into the woods, others among the rocks and clefts. We all came to anchor that day in Botany Bay, in company with the Ceres [Sirius], man-of-war, and Supply, tender. The whole fleet remained here the space of five days, when the Governor, not thinking this a convenient place for settling the new colony, sailed with the whole convoy for Port Jackson, about three leagues to the northward of Botany Bay, which place we found to be one of the most commodious harbours in the world; the tide there, by my own observation, rose and fell to the amount of eleven feet perpendicular at spring tides, and at ordinary tides about seven. A vast number of prisoners, who had on former occasions received sentence of death, but whose executions had been delayed during the late Royal indisposition, and from other causes, were brought up and asked whether they would accept his Majesty's mercy, on condition of their being transported to New South Wales during their natural lives? The greater number of them accepted this conditional pardon, but many with great hesitation. Eight, however, peremptorily refused to accept of mercy on such terms, and preferred their former sentence of death. They were all seriously exhorted by the court, and told that if they persisted in refusing to accept of the King's mercy they should be ordered for execution as soon as the sheriff could be prepared for that purpose. They still persisted, and were ordered to the condemned-cells. About three hours afterwards, and a few minutes before the court adjourned, Mr. Villette, the Ordinary of Newgate, informed the court that he had visited these deluded men, and had prevailed on them to alter their sentiments; they had, therefore, commissioned him to implore the forgiveness of the court for their obstinacy, and intreated that they might be permitted to accept of the mercy of the Sovereign. The court received their contrition, and sentenced them to transportation for the term of their natural lives. Three, however, still persisted in their refusal to accept of the King's conditional pardon, preferring their former sentence of death. They were ordered to the condemned-cells, and informed that they will be executed as soon as the sheriff can be prepared. The names of these obdurate convicts are, William Davis, Edward Carruther, and Thomas Weston. On Monday, Sept. 21, one of these deluded wretches was to have been executed before Newgate. Every preparation for the dreadful ceremony was made; the sheriffs stayed the execution to the latest moment, when the unfortunate man, finding himself on the brink of eternity, begged, and received, his Majesty's mercy on the terms first offered to him. The other two availed themselves of the Royal clemency on Saturday, the 19th. Sir, The ship Neptune, under your command, being ready for sea, you are to proceed with all convenient speed to Port Jackson, on the coast of New South Wales, and there deliver your convicts and Government stores to the order of Governor Phillip (taking three certificates for them), one of which forward to us direct, if an occasion should offer, and the second by the earliest occasion from China, where you are to proceed without loss of time from Port Jackson, and load a cargo of teas for the Honourable East India Company, conformable to our charter with them for that purpose, the copy of which you have herewith; and thence return to London direct. Should it be found necessary on your passage to New South Wales to touch at any place to take refreshments and water, we particularly recommend the Cape of Good Hope for that purpose, being more immediately in your way, and where the least time will be lost in providing such matters as you may be in need of. Lieutenant Shapcote, the Navy Agent, who goes with you, concurs with us in this matter; but before you go into any port you must request him to give you instructions, setting forth that he finds it necessary to obtain refreshments for the sick, as we expect Government to allow us demurrage for any detention in the passage on that account. Whilst you are in a foreign port the soldiers and convicts are to be supplied with fresh beef two days in a week, as you will perceive by the copy of the contract with the Navy Board, in your possession; and you must take certificates of the number of days they are so victualled with fresh beef, as also of the number of days the soldiers, soldiers' wives, and convicts' wives and children are victualled on board, from their first embarkation to their being landed at New South Wales, which you will forward with the certificates of their delivery. You are, at Port Jackson or China (at your option), to receive from the Scarborough all the provisions put on board her, for the convicts and troops unexpended, together with the watercasks and stores, and to dispose of them, with your own and those on board the Surprize, to the best advantage for our account. After the convicts and troops are landed it will be necessary to have a survey of the provisions remaining on board each ship, that we may be able to know what the exact expenditure has been on the passage, distinct from the ship's company, the contract for the troops and convicts being a separate matter from the ship's altogether; but any of the provisions found necessary may be taken for the ship's use. The convicts and troops must be victualled and supplied conformable to contract (copy of which in your possession); but you must be very careful and see the expenditure does not exceed it, as under the construction of wastage we may be made considerable sufferers if it is not particularly attended to; and, at all events, there must not be a greater consumption than we have agreed for, including all allowance whatever; and as Captain Anstis* and Captain Marshall** have merely extracts of the contract from us, you must furnish them with any further information on this subject they may stand in need of. At New South Wales, or on your passage to China, you are to remove all bulkheads, storerooms, and obstructions of every kind, both in the hold and between the lower and middle decks, and to stow both the hold and lower deck, in the best and most advantageous manner, completely full of teas from one end of the ship to the other, save and except sufficient space for the tiller to traverse over in the gunroom and to be shipped or unshipped, and no more; and as there is a greater quantity of iron kentlage on board than required by the East India Company, we consider your taking China would be detrimental to us; therefore, avoid it if you can, and procure as much black teas as possible to stow in the bottom, for the purpose of keeping the ship stiff. You are not, directly or indirectly, to carry on, or suffer to be carried on, any private trade whatever on board your said ship, or in anywise depending thereon; nor are you to suffer your officers to take on board any privilege, it being understood they are to have none; and you are to be accountable for all deficiencies of teas which may be lost or embezzled from on board, and which we shall be liable to account for to the East India Company. In consideration for the due performance of the above services to be done and performed, we do hereby agree to allow you ten pounds sterling per calendar month, and five pounds per month for finding yourself and your officers with cabin stores and necessaries, and ten per cent. upon the freight of all surplus tonnage the ship shall bring home from China, which wages and commission is to be in lieu of every emolument whatever; and in all things concerning the convicts, troops, and dispatch of the ship you are to consult and be governed by the direction and advice of Mr. Shapcote, who goes in your ship, appointed by the Navy Board as agent, to superintend the expedition to New South Wales; but after the convicts, stores, &amp;c., are delivered there, you have nothing further to do with Government, and must make the best of your way without loss of time. Mr. Shapcote, and Captain Nepean, who has the command of the troops, are to be accommodated in a respectable and comfortable manner at your table, without any expence to themselves whatever; and for any additional expence you may be put to on that account we will reimburse you. We have only to request you will write us by every occasion that may offer; and sincerely wishing you a good voyage and safe return, Having refreshed the convicts, on the morning of the 10th of January we took our departure from Rio Janeiro, amply furnished with such things as the place afforded, and the day after we lost sight of the American shore. Nothing particular occurred on the passage to the Cape of Good Hope, except the loss of our carpenter, who fell overboard and was drowned in spite of every effort to save him, and on the 1st instant we arrived at Table Bay. Found riding here his Majesty's ship Guardian, which had a very narrow escape from foundering at sea. She struck against an island of ice, which almost shattered her to pieces, so much that seventy of the people left her, of whom all except eight must have perished, consisting of the master, purser, and chaplain, with five other men, who were taken up at sea by a French ship, and arrived here some time ago. These people have taken up their passage for Europe in the same vessel; and through Providence the Guardian arrived here a few days after they had sailed from this place, so that the first news in England will be of her having foundered at sea. The surgeon and two midshipmen, with five others, perished in a small boat alongside the ship. Mr. Riou, the commander of the ship, with twenty men, stood by the ship with a resolution to sink with her, but, as I have mentioned before, Providence brought them in here. Mr. Riou declares that he knows not in what manner the Guardian got here, she being waterlogged, and could not be steered for want of the rudder. Port Jackson will suffer greatly by the disappointment of so valuable a cargo as she had, which consisted of provisions of all kinds, of live stock, such as horses, cows, bulls, sheep, and a great quantity of bale goods for the poor wretches at New Holland. The loss of those articles must distress the colony to a great degree. I omitted in the former part of my letter to mention the number of deaths and births which have occurred since we left England. Of the former we have had only five, and of the latter seven, so that we have increased only two; and in a few days I expect three more births. At present we are remarkably healthy; how long we may remain so God knows, as the worst of our passage will be to New Holland. Gentlemen, I have taken this opportunity to acquaint you that his Majesty's ship Guardian is safe arrived at the Cape of Good Hope after a moast troablesum and disagreuble axident that as happened. I shold be glad to give the particular of evrey thing, but time will not permit; but all that I can inform you with I will. We was in a verry fair way of making a quick passage to our intended poart. December the 22, in the latt. of 42&middot;52 south, lond. 42&middot;22 east, we fell in with several islands of ice. On the 23rd fell in with a large island of ice about twice as high as our mastheads. We sent our boats to pick up loose ice that was about, by wich means we had like to have lost our boats and men, for the weather came on thick and begun to blow verry hard, so 'twas with a great deale of troble that they got to the ship. We cleereed them of the ice that they had picked up to make fresh water of, and then we hoisted the boats in and stud from the island of ice for two hours; then tacked and stood to the eastward. The ice was so lofty that itt drifted faster than we expected, by the wind having so much hold of itt, the weather being so thick that wee could scarce see the length of the ship, the wind blowing fresh that we run foul of itt and received a great deale of dammage, knocked away our rudder, broake the tiller in three pieces, broake one of the after-beams in two, knocked the sternpost from the keel, and dammaged the ship in a shocking manner. This axident happened on the 23rd of December; and on the 25th the boats left us with moast of the officers and a great part of the seamen. The mastergunner, purser, one master's mate, one midshipman, and a person [? parson],** with nine seamen, was got into the longboat and all saved. The doctor and four or five men got into a cutter and was upset close to the ship, and all of them was drowned. As for the rest of the boats, I believe must be lost and all in them perrished, for wee was not nigh any land. We was about six hundred leagues from any land. There was about fifty-six men missing; a number drowned jumping into the boats; the sea ran so high that the boats could scarce live. The commander had a strong resulution, for he said he would soner go down in the ship than he wold quid hur. All the officers left in the ship is the commander, the carpenter, one midshipman, and myself. After the boats left us we had two chances&mdash;either to pump or sink. We cold just get into the sailroom. We got up a new forecourse and stuck itt full of oakum and rags, and put itt under the ship's bottom; this called fothering the ship. We found some benefit by itt, for pumping and bailing we gained on hur; that gave us a little hopse of saving our lives. We was in this terable situation for nine weeks before we got to the Cape of Good Hope. Sometimes our upper-deck scuppers was under water outside, and the ship leying like a log on the water, and the sea breaking over her as if she was a rock in the sea. Sixteen foot of water was the common run for the nine weeks in the hold. I am not certain what we are to doo with the ship as yeat. We have got allmoast of our cargo out; it is all dammaged but the beef and pork, which is in good order. I have lost a great dele of my cloaths, and I am thinking of drawing of about six pound, wich I think I can make shift with. If this axcident had not hapned I shold not have had aney call for aney. As for my stores, [there] is a great part of them thrown overboard; likewise all the officers' stores in the ship is gone the same way, for evry thing that came to hand was thrown overboard to lighten the ship. I think that we must wait till ordars comes from England to know what we are to do with the ship. So no more att present from your humble servant, The little European knowledge that we are masters of we picked cat of some old English newspapers which were brought from the Cape of Good Hope about a twelvemonth back, in the Sirius, by which ship you may possibly recollect to have received a letter from me, dated October 1, 1788; but as to all family news, all knowledge of our private affairs, or little endearing accounts, which no man, I presume, is without a wish to receive, nothing but a blank for the long space of three years has been presented to us. But great as our anxiety on this head is, it falls short of what we suffer on another account: the dread of perishing by famine stares us in the face; on the day I write we have but eight weeks' provisions in the public stores, and all chance of a reinforcement under seven months is cut off, unless ships from England should yet, notwithstanding the lateness of the season, come in upon us. The hope of this is, however, very feeble, for, without the most shameful and cruel inattention on your part, ships must have left England by the first of August last, to come here; and if so, they have undoubtedly perished on their route. Even this alternative, dreadful as it is, is less afflicting than to believe that our country would send us out here as a sacrifice to famine and the savages of the place, who, if ever they shall by any means learn our situation, will prove extremely troublesome. To add to our misfortunes, the Sirius (one of the two ships of war on this station) was totally and irretrievably lost on Norfolk Island, the 19th of last month. The particulars of this trying calamity I cannot at present spare time to write, but I am happy to say that Captain Hunter and all the rest of her crew were saved, with difficulty. She had left us, for Norfolk Island, in the beginning of the month, and carried to that place the Lieutenant-Governor, half the battalion of marines, and 200 convicts, whom it was thought adviseable to send there, in order that we may be as variously dispersed in the approaching crisis, to procure food, as possible. Had the Sirius returned safely here, it was intended to have despatched her immediately to China, to load with provisions for the colony. You never saw such dismay as the news of the wreck occasioned among us all; for, to use a sea term, we looked upon her as our sheet-anchor. All that can now be done is to despatch the Supply, a little brig, commanded by a lieutenant of the Navy, to Batavia, where she is, if possible, by offering any price, to procure a large ship, and load her with relief for us. By this conveyance the opportunity of writing is afforded me, but God knows how or when it will reach you, though it is proper to observe that an officer is to proceed from Batavia to England with despatches for the Secretary of State as quickly as can be done. This is written in a very different language to my last letter, when I exulted with hope, and looked forward with confidence. Let what will happen, I shall be cheered by the reflection of my misfortunes not being caused by my own errors, an unspeakable consolation, besides which, I am not very apt to despair, and have many things in my favour. I am a stranger to sickness, and find that neither heat, cold, wet, or dry, affect my constitution in any shape whatever, Some little private comforts, which in better days I did not wanton away, are yet left me&mdash;nay, I have had enough to succour more than one of my neighbours in distress. It is true, our present allowance is a short one: two pounds of pork (which was cured four years ago, and shrinks to nothing if boiled), two pounds and an half of flour, a pound of rice, and a pint of pease per week is what we live upon. Now, on this ration, reduced as it is, I have no fear of being able to crawl on for many months to come; so that if Heaven be but favourable to the voyage of the Supply (and, thank God, she is as ably commanded and navigated as any ship in the King's service) all things will yet do, for when I spoke of only eight weeks' provisions in the stores, I meant at full allowance, whereas what we are at at present is but a third. Again, to help us out, we use every means to get fish, and sometimes with good success, which is an incredible relief. On the fishing service, the officers, civil and military, take it in turns every night to go out for the whole night in the fishing-boats; and the military, besides, keep a guard at Botany Bay, and carry on a fishery there, taking it three days and three days, turn and turn about. Were the ground good, our gardens would be found of infinite use to us in these days of scarcity, but with all our efforts we cannot draw much from them; however, they afford something, and by industry and incessant fatigue mine is one of the best. Were you to see us digging, hoeing, and planting, it would make you smile. As to parade duties and shew, we have long laid them aside, except the mounting a small guard by day and a picquet at night. Our soldiers have not a shoe, and mount guard barefoot. "Pride, pomp, and circumstance of glorious war are at an end." After having suffered what we do, I shall be grievously hurt, on landing in England, to meet the sneers of a set of holiday troops, whose only employ has been to powder their hair, polish their shoes, and go through the routine of a field-day, though I must own that our air, gait, and raggedness will give them some title to be merry at our expence. So incessantly have we been employed that no military manoeuvre of the least consequence has been practised by us since our embarkation at Plymouth. To cut down trees, turn up ground, and build houses have engrossed all our labour and attention. Among other letters which I write by this opportunity is a very long one to the * * * * *, in which I have very fairly and freely set down my opinion of this country. The following passage, which I extract for your satisfaction, and with which I close my account, will, I hope, impress his Lordship strongly with the idea of giving his opinion for abandoning the colony, should he ever be consulted on the occasion, or should it at any time become matter of Parliamentary debate. As to the veracity and justice with which it is written, I will maintain them against any interested opponent who may choose to start against me, in the face of the whole world. "The country, my Lord, is past all dispute a wretched one, a very wretched, and totally incapable of yielding to Great Britain a return for colonizing it. Amidst its native productions I cannot number one which is valuable as an article of commerce. There is no wood fit for naval purposes; no fibrous grass or plant from which cordage can be made; no substance which can aid or improve the labours of the manufacturer; no mineral productions; no esculent vegetables worth the care of collecting and transporting to other climes; and lastly, which is of the most serious consideration, no likehood that the colony will be able to support itself in grain or animal food for many years to come, so that a regular annual expence is entailed on the mother country as long as it shall be kept." Besides this, I have given his * * * * every other piece of information relative to our Government, management of the convicts, and knowledge of the natives, in my power. The convicts having laid a plot to surprize the crew and murder the officers, and run away with the vessel, only waited for opportunity to put their horrid designs into execution. The substance of his letter is as follows:&mdash; "On the 12th of February, our ship having separated from the Surprize, transport, the Neptune being a great way ahead, and the sea perfectly calm, these unhappy wretches began to whisper from one to the other their mutinous intentions. The plot being communicated to myself, I readily agreed to the scheme, assenting to every proposal of plunder and murder, until such time as I became completely master of the conspiracy and the ringleaders of it. I then apprised the captain of the ship and the military officers of the dangers they were likely to encounter; and so thoroughly did my information prepare them for the business that with little or no trouble the ringleaders were secured and the scheme entirely frustrated. The parties being examined, they made such confession that human nature would almost shudder at the thoughts of. Several of them have been flogged with the greatest severity, and others of more dangerous description are at this time chained to the deck, and it is supposed will be tried and executed immediately on their arrival at New South Wales." The circumstances of Burt's case were rather remarkable. Being rejected by a woman whom he wished to marry, he committed a forgery, and immediately afterwards surrendered himself at Bow-street, declaring to his friend he had done it for the purpose of getting hanged. Being considered as an object of compassion, he was offered his Majesty's most gracious pardon, which he twice or thrice refused. The lady at length consented to marry him. He then became as solicitous to live as he had before been anxious for death; but during her repeated visits to him in Newgate she caught the gaol-fever and died. In our present alarming situation the Governor thought proper to summon us all to council, a step he never thought it expedient to take before; and I will venture to affirm that he would not now have thought it worth his while to submit himself to the opinion of anyone but that dire necessity, and a want of sufficiency in himself, pointed out to him the propriety of such a salutary measure. The sum of our deliberations amounted to the fixing of plans for our support in the present exigency, which we hope will not prove abortive. What I have said of the country, our general situation, and mode of administration falls very short of a full description of their wretched and deplorable condition. But I am sure it is strictly true. And I should have considered myself guilty of a great neglect of my duty to my country, you, and myself, if I had omitted this opportunity of acquainting you with our unhappy circumstances. The most speedy exertions were made by Captain Riou, her commander, to accomplish the object of his voyage while at the Cape. Near a score of cows, six horses, several goats, sheep, a few deers, and other animals, with rabbits and poultry, were taken on board and properly disposed. The ship struck on the ice about eight or ten days after she left the Cape. At first some hopes were entertained that the leak might be stopped; but the straw and sailcloth thus applied was soon forced away, and the boats were the only resort. Five boats were all the Guardian had, and of these one was instantly stove, and some people in consequence perished. Her entire crew were in number ninety-five, besides the commander. The boat which was taken up contained about sixteen of the crew, under the direction of Mr. Clements, the master; the day after, they left the wreck and the heroic Mr. Riou, a solitary victim to rigid duty, on her deck. The boat in which was Mr. Crowther, the chaplain, came to solicit a quadrant from Mr. Clements; while this was reaching to him the chaplain sprung on board, and thus his life was preserved. The fate of the other boats excites much apprehension, and in particular the want of water was the evil they were least likely to surmount. A letter has been received at the Admiralty, which was written by the captain of the Guardian about an hour before she sunk, in which letter Captain Riou had shown great magnanimity and coolness when in the most imminent danger. The part of the crew who have arrived safe here by the way of St. Helena relate that Captain Riou sat down in his own cabin with the utmost composure to write the above letter when the ship was wrecked, and he had scarce any hopes left of saving his own life, whatever might be the lucky fate of some of his crew. It is with deep concern that we acquaint our readers that Mr. Pitt, the only son of Lord Camelford, was on board the Guardian, sloop, and is supposed to have perished among the rest of that numerous crew, excepting only thirteen out of 300 souls on board. The disaster which befell the ship having been offered to the public eye in various jarring accounts, we call their attention to the following summary of authentic particulars:&mdash; "The island of ice was first seen on the 23rd of December, twelve days after the Guardian sailed from the Cape of Good Hope, on her way to New South Wales. "The weather was extremely foggy, and the island was not very distinct when first beheld. Lieutenant Riou gave directions to stand towards it, in order to collect lumps of ice to supply the ship with water. This proceeding was judged highly expedient, as the daily demand of water was prodigious, owing to the great quantity of cattle on board. As the ship approached the island the boats were hoisted out and manned, and several lumps collected. During this time the ship lay to, and on the supply of water being brought on board she attempted to stand away. Very little apprehension was at this time entertained of her safety, although the enormous bulk of the island occasioned an unfavourable current, and in some measure gave a partial direction to the wind. "On a sudden the base of the island, which projected under water considerably beyond the limits of the visible parts, struck the bow of the ship; she instantly swung round, and her head cleared, but her stern, coming on the shoal, struck repeatedly, and the sea being very heavy, her rudder broke away, and all her works abaft were shivered. The ship in this situation became in a degree embayed under the terrific bulk of ice; the height was twice that of the mainmast of a ship of the line. The prominent head of the ice was every moment expected to break away and overwhelm the ship. At length, after every practicable exertion, she was got off the shoal, and the ice floated past her. "It was soon perceived that the ship had six feet water in her hold, and it was increasing very fast. The hands were set to the pumps and to find out the leaks, and occasionally relieved each other. Thus they continued labouring unceasingly on the 24th, although on the 23rd not one of them had the least rest. The ship was at one period so much relieved that she had only two feet water in the hold; but at this time, when their distress bore the best aspect, the water increased in a moment to ten feet; and the ship being discovered to be strained in all her works, and the sea running high, every endeavour to check the progress of a particular leak proved ineffectual. An immediate project was fixed on to lighten the ship, and the cows, horses, sheep, and all the other live stock for the colony were, with their fodder, committed to the deep to perish. "At Lieutenant Riou's exhortive appeals the exhausted crew had again recourse to the pumps, but after repeated trials the water could not be kept under, and the pumps, it was found, had lost all their efficiency and power. The crew, thus disheartened, on the 25th (Christmas Day), besought the commander to permit them to hoist out the boats. The cutter, and then the launch, with the jollyboat and others, were accordingly let over the ship's side. "While these preparations were on foot, Mr. Riou withdrew, and wrote a letter to the Secretary of the Admiralty, which is said to be one of the most uncommon proofs of fortitude and virtue that ever adorned human nature. He delivered this to Mr. Clements, and took leave of the boats as they stood away from the ship. One of the boats, however, was stove, owing to the swell of the sea, and only four left the Guardian. In these scarce one-third of the company embarked; the rest chose to remain with their heroic commander and share his fate. "In this hopeless state the ship continued for some days without a rudder and wholly unmanageable, but the application to reduce the water in her hold was resumed whenever the weary crew felt the return of strength and power, and thus was the Guardian kept afloat till a Dutch packet-boat from the Spice Islands and Batavia, providentially steering a high southerly latitude, fell in with her, and affording her aid of men and materials enabled her to make her way back to the Cape of Good Hope, and kept her company during her course. The Guardian was full 400 leagues from the Cape when she fell in with the island of ice. "The longboat of the Guardian was at sea fourteen days, during which time her wretched passengers were obliged to drink saltwater; the consequences were, of course, dreadful in the effects on their weak frames. A small boat in which a few embarked, after parting, was heard of no more. "Several officers remained on board, determined to share the fate of their commander. "This important intelligence was brought at a late hour on Wednesday evening to the Admiralty by the master of a fishing-vessel that was lying off Dungeness, and had been hailed by the captain of a Dutch packet from the Cape in eight weeks, who gave him a letter from Lieutenant Riou to be forwarded to the Lords of the Admiralty. "The letter which contained the particulars of this most miraculous escape was immediately forwarded to the King, who expressed uncommon pleasure on the occasion; and Lord Chatham instantly set off in a post-chaise and four for Lord Camelford's seat to congratulate with his noble relation on the safety of his only and much-beloved son. "Mr. Pitt had adopted the naval profession in positive opposition to the wishes of his noble parent, Lord Camelford. The voyage was ordered by an injunction to make the young gentleman suffer all the hardships of a seaman, to deter and disgust him from the pursuit." Indeed, before the arrival of these ships, we really thought that Government had forgotten us. I am sure, if they were well informed of the badness of the country we are placed in, which of itself affords less resources than any in the known world, they would not have been so very tardy in sending to know what was become of us. Had it not been for a trip that the Sirius, before she was left on Norfolk Island, made to the Cape of Good Hope to bring us six months' flour, we should have, long before the arrival of the fleet, been food for the crows; for when the transports came into this port, and for three months before, we were reduced to so low a ration of provisions as four ounces of pork and the same quantity of flour and rice per day, every other species of provisions being long expended. I wish I could say something in favour of this place, which I can by no means do consistent with truth. I am told by the officer of the [New] South Wales Corps that in England the reports with respect to this country are flattering and favourable. I am sure whoever gave that account cannot be an honest man, or regard truth, which, to their sorrow, I believe, they are already convinced of. The report of the natives having shewn an unfriendly disposition to our Government, and that skirmishes between our settlers and them have occurred, is without the smallest foundation. A principal chief among the natives lives with Governor Phillip in his house, and a native female lives as servant to the chaplain. They are convinced of the superiority of the British Government, and shew no signs of resistance. The settlement was in no great want of provisions when Lieut. King left it. A further supply from Europe might be expected to arrive at Botany Bay about six weeks after Lieut. King's departure, as the storeships which left England last November had arrived at the Cape and sailed again. The allowance to each convict was 2 lb. of pork, 4 lb. of flour, and 7 lb. of rice per week, besides fish, which are caught in abundance. This portion of food is in every respect ample. There was abundance of cloathing. In addition to the supplies that might be expected front England, that sent by Lieut. Riou from the Cape would likewise arrive soon after Mr. King left Botany Bay. We are sorry to conclude this account by informing the public of the loss of the Sirius, sloop-of-war, of ten guns, Capt. J. Hunter, which had been sent from Botany Bay to Norfolk Island, where she was at anchor when a violent gale of wind came on, which obliged her crew to drive her on shore, and she was entirely lost. There were few or no stores in her, and all the crew were saved. Several of the convicts have perished by the hands of the natives, by rambling too far into the woods. I accompanied two of our gentlemen on a shooting party. We penetrated near thirty miles in two days over a delightful country, free from underwood, when we arrived at a rapid river that was not fordable.* On the other side the country seemed to be in a state of romantic and uncultivated nature. The landscape was finished by a range of hills that rise one above another, in a very grand style, to a considerable height. The loss of the Sirius was the first cause of our being put to such short allowance, being obliged to supply the party a second time from the common stock. To prevent murmuring, officers and men share alike. Our births have far exceeded our burials; and what is very remarkable, women who were supposed past child-bearing, and others who had not been pregnant for fifteen or sixteen years, have lately become mothers. You may be sure I have often pictured to myself the state of your mind upon finding me dragged away without our seeing one another at parting! But such are the laws of our country! It has, however, given me infinitely more pain and misery than the punishment itself. The many years' endearment, the fond affections of a father, and all the flattering hopes of a reclaimed life, in case I had been fortunate enough to have escaped on my late trial, crowded before me, and made me anxious, indeed, to have remained with you and my dear child, and to have continued an useful member of society&mdash;at least, to have bid a short adieu to you and the public. With respect to the prospect before me, sad and distressing as it may appear, all may ultimately be for our good. With the best of hearts and best of dispositions there is, God knows, an overbearing fate that counteracts our best designs, and makes us act (that is pickpockets) in spite of ourselves. But no more of that. It is now too late for me to reason. Pray remember me to Charles H&mdash;&mdash;&mdash;&mdash;and the rest of my friends, and let me see you and my child as soon as possible, agreeable to the directions in the postcript hereof.*** This strategem was discovered by one of the convicts having on a very old pair of shoes, and the saw was discovered through the openness of the sole. A general search was then made, and upwards of 200 convicts had saws found on them. We were preparing to commemorate the birthday of our Royal master with his Excellency the Governor, when, about three in the afternoon of the third of June, the flag at the entrance of the harbour was displayed as a signal for a ship in sight; and in the evening of the same day the ship Lady Juliana came safely to an anchor in the lower part of the harbour. The glad tidings were soon communicated through our little town, and received with great joy and gratitude; and our pleasure was increased by the assurance of his Majesty's perfect recovery from a late alarming and almost fatal illness. A day of thanksgiving to God for his happy recovery was ordered to be given here, and an address was drawn up, to which we about all signed our names, and presented it to the Governor to be forwarded to England. We are now informed that his Majesty's ship Guardian had struck an island of ice on her passage hither, and with the utmost difficulty returned back to the Cape of Good Hope, with the loss of some lives, all the cattle, and the greatest part of both public and private property. This unfortunate accident, which happened in December, 1789, confirmed our suspicions of some mischance intervening, and reducing us to the severe distresses which we suffered. The Lady Juliana had on board two hundred and twenty-five female convicts, with two years' provisions for them only; so that, saving the glad tidings of other ships being forwarded on their passage here, we had little to expect from any relief she could give us. They were remarkably healthy throughout the voyage, most likely from the judicious plan of affording them tea, sugar, and soap, with frequent refreshments by the way. Cleanliness and comforts ought to be attended to rigidly on a passage so distant and dangerous as this is, or many lives will certainly be sacrificed. We were entertaining ourselves with the abundance of news which had transpired, and anticipating the arrival of supplies, which we were given to understand could not be far distant, when, on Sunday, the 20th of June, the Justinian, of London, arrived safe in the cove, after a passage of five months only, loaded with provisions for the settlement. This seasonable relief brought us full allowance, and dispelled that gloom and fear of famine which had been likely to visit us. By this ship we learned that part of the corps raised for the service of this country were forwarded in their passage in three transports, having on board a considerable body of convicts; and that the major-commandant* would shortly follow in his Majesty's ship Gorgon, with the remaining part of the troops. The marines, who are to be relieved by the new corps, feel great satisfaction at the prospect of getting home; but they are surprised to learn that the cause of their being relieved is attributed to disagreements among the officers. That very unpleasant differences have taken place between their commandant and the Governor we are all well aware of. Who is right or who is wrong will certainly hereafter be made known. But it is a grievous hardship that unconcerned individuals should, by misrepresentation, be involved in such affairs, or be deprived of that merit which is so dearly bought by their services in this country. Much credit is due to Mr. Maitland, the master of the Justinian, for his expedition on the voyage, which he assured us would have been completed in four months but for the untoward and boisterous weather he met with on this coast. This ship was followed by the Surprize on the 26th of June, and by the Neptune and Scarborough, transports, on the 29th, all of them after a passage of little more than five months. The Neptune embarked two officers of the troops and forty-two soldiers; 433 male convicts, seventy-eight female; six convicts' wives, free women; and thirteen children. They lost on the passage 162, and landed 269 sick at the hospital. The Surprize had on board two officers and thirty-eight troops, one of whom died on the passage; and 252 male convicts, forty-two of whom died on the passage, and 126 were landed at the hospital. The Scarborough had two officers and thirty-four soldiers, and 256 male convicts, sixty-eight of whom died on the passage, and ninety-six were landed sick at the hospital. And in spite of every effort to relieve the afflicted, 124 of them have since fallen victims to disease. It was shocking to behold the deplorable condition to which the poor wretches were reduced by dysentery and scurvy. The liberal supply of hospital stores enabled us to assist them with some comforts as well as medicines. But the miserable state to which the poor wretches were reduced by perpetual confinement below throughout the passage put it beyond the power of art to restore many of them. The sole direction of them on board was left to the masters of transports, who, either from inclination or a want of knowledge, denied them those indulgences which might have been a means of preserving their health, or at least of preventing so great a mortality. The Justinian and Surprize were ordered to be cleared as fast as possible, that they might carry a supply of stores and an additional number of people to Norfolk Island. We entertained many doubts with respect to their situation at that place; and, unfortunately for us, we had no prospect of making ourselves acquainted with their state before the return of the Supply from Batavia, as the ships on clearing at that port were to proceed immediately to China. I shall not attempt to describe the confusion that existed at that time in our colony. The Governor now perceived the necessity of providing habitations for the people that had disembarked, as well as those that were expected soon to follow; for the little conveniences that had been raised, chiefly at the expence and labor of the first colonists, were everywhere crowded by the newcomers, both bond and free; and it was said that no houses could be considered as the private property of any individual on the settlement. Our new guests expressed great concern at not finding everything here in a very prosperous state. They had been led to believe that matters were in a very fair train, and that plenty of conveniences were ready for their reception at landing; but they found quite the contrary to be the case. His Excellency has ordered a town to be erected as fast as possible at Rosehill, and has employed all the artificers on that duty. They have already got up about a hundred huts, of one story, twenty-five feet long by twelve broad each. The streets are to be two hundred feet wide, and each hut is to be furnished with some garden-ground backwards. Upon the whole, the plan seems to be made the most regular of any yet laid down at this place. Since the arrival of ships, the following terms have been offered to settlers, viz.:&mdash;To every non-commissioned officer, an allotment of one hundred and thirty acres of land, if single; and of one hundred and sixty, if married. To every private soldier, an allotment of eighty acres, if single; and of one hundred, if married. And an allotment of ten acres of land to every child of such non-commissioned officer or private soldier as may choose to settle. Such allotments to be free of all fees, taxes, quit-rents, and other acknowledgments, for the space of ten years, but after the expiration of that time to be liable to an annual quit-rent of one shilling for every fifty acres. His Majesty has, likewise, willed that a bounty of three pounds per man be offered to each non-commissioned officer or private man who may be disposed to continue in this country and enlist in the corps appointed for the service of New South Wales. And, should their behaviour be good, they shall, after a further service of five years, be entitled to a double proportion of land than would be granted them, provided they quit the service at the relief of the marines, free of all taxes, fees, quit-rents, &amp;c., for the space of fifteen years; subject, however, after that time to the same acknowledgments as before. His Majesty has also willed, as a further encouragement to the above description of men, that upon their being discharged or relieved, or after a further service of five years in the new corps, they shall receive, out of the public stores, a proportion of clothing for one year, together with a suitable proportion of seeds and grain for the tillage of land, and a proportion of tools and implements proper for their use, for that time. And when any of them can feed and clothe such a number of convicts as may be judged necessary for their use, for the time being, to assist them in clearing and cultivating the soil, the service of such convicts shall be assigned to them. No proposal has been made to any of the officers, civil or military, nor do I hear that any of those to whom they have been made have, as yet, resolved on accepting them.* The country, for all we have yet been able to observe, is not by any means favourable to our wishes. Some of the free men, who are considered as judges in farming, report the land at Rosehill to be light and sandy, and equal to such as would be let at 15s. an acre within three miles of Lewis, in Sussex, but at a distance from a market-town not above half as much. And, on making a calculation of the average price of land about High Wycomb, in Bucks, they find, by three or four thousand acres, that it lets, on an average, at 19s. 6d. per acre&mdash;not more. The tenant, besides, pays the church and poor rates; the poor rates amount to about 1s. 6d., the church to about 8s. in the pound. This land is much better than the average land about Rosehill. These circumstances, added to the scarcity of fresh water, want of cattle, and the proper means of agriculture, together with the bad returns that have as yet been obtained from the different crops, are, I think, prognostics that very little advantage can be obtained from this country, or that it can maintain its new inhabitants within a great length of time, and without a very great expence to the nation. The return of grain this season from Rosehill, which is the only farm in cultivation for the public, has not, from all I can learn, been more than threefold and a-half, if so much; perhaps, in some measure, owing to the very great drought which has prevailed this season. But it is feared little can be expected from it at best; for the farmer, on the part of Government, says he sowed forty-five bushels of wheat in maiden land at that place last year, and reaped six or seven fold only. He expected a much better return this season, from the ground being longer opened, but is disappointed; and he has since declared that very little can be expected in future unless cattle can be procured sufficient to manure it. Two hundred and ninety-three acres of land are now cleared of the timber at Rosehill, but the roots are all left in the ground&mdash;a circumstance that must prevent the labouring of the land by any other means than that of the spade or hoe until they are removed, which is a work I fear cannot be accomplished. The coast has not as yet been examined by us further to the southward than Botany Bay, or to the northward than Broken Bay; but several excursions have been made into the country by some of the officers, whose judgment can be depended upon. They all agree in thinking it unfit for almost any purpose. They have for the most part found it rugged and unkindly, and complain of a very great scarcity of water. What they have met with is generally contained in stagnant pools, which seem to be reservoirs for rainwater. Sometimes there is a continuation of them for a little distance; and after very heavy rains they frequently communicate with each other, and then send out a stream through some of the adjacent vallies, which ceases to run shortly after the rain has ceased to fall. It is impossible to tell what could have occasioned the description of Botany Bay that appears in the voyages of Captain Cook. The meadowland, after the most minute examination, is found to be nothing but a perfect quagmire. In short, so totally different is it from what has been said of it that had it not been for the latitude and longitude, which are accurately laid down, we should not have known the place from the account given of it. Of Norfolk Island, I can only speak from hearsay. The return of the Supply from Batavia has given us a late opportunity of knowing something of their state at that place, which we find to have been much worse than ours before the ships arrived. And had they not been fortunate enough to save the greatest part of the provisions from the wreck of the Sirius, they would have been left with not more than six weeks' provisions at the utmost to subsist upon. The soil at that place is said to be good, and the climate a healthy one; but both the wood and the flax, which were so much spoken of, are neither of them objects of much consideration. The flax grows only on points jutting out to the sea; and the pinetree, as it is called, is found to be so brittle as to render it unfit for masts and many other purposes. Besides, the necessity of clearing the island for the maintenance of its inhabitants precludes a possibility of applying more of the timber than now stands to any public purpose, or of cultivating a sufficient quantity of the flaxplant to be of any service. But to what purpose retain a spot situated in the middle of the ocean, and at such a distance from England, when it is seldom possible for any vessel to approach it in safety from the dreadful surf which in general lashes its shore; where there is no kind of shelter even for a boat, nor any place of anchorage to be depended upon; and, in fine, whose utmost extent does not exceed five miles in length and three in breadth. In addition to the wreck of the Sirius and former losses which have happened there, a boat unloading one of the transports, with seven people, was destroyed in the presence of the inhabitants, who had it not in their power to give them any assistance, although within a few yards of the spot, so suddenly did the surf get up. Three years have elapsed in January last since our arrival in this country, and, saving a chance meal, the chief of our diet has been salt meat, and that sometimes in very reduced quantities. The state we were in when the dispatches went from this place in the Supply sternly threatens us again, there being no more than seven months' provision now in store at the present allowance, which must in the course of a month, if no ships arrive, be reduced to two-thirds, and shortly after that to one-half (or perhaps less), if no relief appears. We have little to look to from our granaries; and the live stock, which consists of goats, pigs, and poultry, are so degenerate and few in number from want of food that the whole would not afford the colony two days' subsistence. What can have become of the Gorgon,* with Major Grose and the rest of the troops, baffles all conjectures. The detachment under Captain Nepean have been here now eight months in daily expectation of their arrival. I am afraid it is our fate to be very unfortunate. The new corps seem to have come out without being well acquainted with their situation at this place. It is said they are to pay threepence per day for their ration, and to have no spirits allowed them. If so, their case is pitiable. It is probable Government does not intend to continue the allowance of spirits any longer, for, except a three months' proportion, which has lately been served, there has not been any issued for eight months past. The soldiers feel the want of that article very much, as they live but poorly, and have been long accustomed to the use of it. Much cannot be said respecting the natives; their wretched manner of life is a proof, among the many others, of the wretchedness of their country. They have lately been persuaded to trust themselves amongst us, and their desire for food, without being at the trouble of collecting it, has induced them to continue their intercourse. Previous, however, to this connection, his Excellency, from reposing too great confidence in them, had nearly lost his life by a wound from one of their spears, and his gamekeeper has since been killed by one of them at Botany Bay. These are, I think, the only accidents that have happened lately, and I think it is likely our attention to them will be the means of preventing any happening in future. Five convicts, who had previously furnished themselves with a few provisions and necessaries, made their escape from this place in a small open boat. We apprehend their intention was to reach some of the East India islands, but they were, upon the whole, so badly appointed that it is very improbable they could have survived long. Detaining and punishing the convicts for attempting to get away after their terms of transportation have expired has occasioned much murmuring and discontent among them, and will no doubt impel them to attempt their liberty, however dismal or distant the prospect of obtaining it may be. I send this by Mr. Worgan, surveyor [surgeon] of his Majesty's ship Sirius, who returns to England in the Dutch vessel that brought us a little better than two months' provisions from Batavia. He is a young gentleman of approved character and merit. If you condescend to receive this and give him a hearing, you will receive a very just account of our situation in this colony. Much also may be expected from Captain Hunter, whose virtue and integrity is as conspicuous as his merit; and his officers, who are for the most part men of respectable characters, can from real experience describe the sterile territory of New South Wales. Most Honoured Sir, Your past kindness to me induces me to trouble you with some account of where I am, and what kind of voyage I have had; the latter, however, cannot be a very favourable one, for we have been surrounded by danger. We sailed from Portsmouth the 23rd of February, with the wind much against us, and were so much in danger that we feared we should have shared the fate of a ship which was lost within sight of us. Our good captain very kindly dropped anchor at the Nore, but did not stop more than one night, and sailed for the Downs, where we sent our pilot on shore. On the 25th and 26th, along the coast, we had a violent storm, which lasted twenty-four hours. During every moment of its continuance we expected to perish, and were washed out of our beds between decks, while the sea-sickness and the groans and shrieks of so many unhappy wretches made the situation we were in truly distressing, for there were 138 women and five children, two of the latter born after we sailed, and one only died on our passage hither, where we remain no longer than is necessary to repair the ship and take in water. Our captain hopes we shall arrive at Botany Bay in August, if it please God the weather should prove favourable. This is a very fine island, supposed to be very rich, but the inhabitants I have seen are principally blacks. The general produce is poultry, hogs, and goats, which are very fine of their kind; and rich fruits, such as oranges, melons, &amp;c., are very plentiful and cheap. The 16th of March we crossed the Line, where we were dipped in a tub of salt-water by the sailors, and tarred all over, it being a rule amongst them to make every one pay so much money or undergo this, and we all shared the same fate. I have been greatly distressed for want of money, because I came away without being able to see my husband. If, sir, you have any success in your application for my pardon, you can send it me by any of the captains coming out to Botany Bay, which, I am sure, your goodness will endeavour to do for the sake of my motherless children; they are the only cause of my anxiety and unhappiness. I hope your generous exertions, aided by the goodness of God, will one day restore me to them; yet, whether you succeed or not, that God, I sincerely hope, will reward you&mdash;fully reward you&mdash;for your past unequalled kindness to me. Pray, sir, be good enough to let my husband know you have had a letter from me, and beg him to take care of my dear children. I think it hard I did not see him before I sailed, for we laid a week at Gravesend, and I should have left my country less sorrowfully had I given him my last charges and bade him farewell. If you will send to me, sir, direct it to be left for me at Governor Phillip's, New South Wales, and say anything in behalf of my character&mdash;it will serve me much; and if you can write immediately, the letter will be there before me, and mention that I am coming in the Mary Ann, Captain Murrow [Monroe], because your recommendation, in the most trifling degree, will do me great service on my arrival. I hope you will excuse my being so troublesome to you. I sent you two letters from Gravesend, and mentioned my going to send one by the Barra, but as the man never came I hope you did not send anything. You, sir, are the only friend I ever had in my afflictions, and I remember your goodness without grief, except when I reflect that I have no reward to offer you but my humble thanks. We are much better off than we expected, and have as much liberty as our unhappy situation possibly allows. I am much better in my health than I have been for some time, and with God's assistance and yours I do not despair of yet living to be a comfort to my children. This, sir, is the only prayer for herself in the heart of one bound in duty and by gratitude to pray for you and your family as long as her life and heart have power to think of or utter a prayer to God, and who is your most humble and obedient servant, We have given the above unfortunate woman's letter a place in our paper, as her case is of that nature to interest us in her behalf. It appears that she was tried for stealing a piece of linen from a shop in Tavistock-street (the only theft she says she ever committed), and was sentenced for seven years' transportation. When the vessel was at Gravesend, a man, whose wife was a convict, contrived by a boat to get them on shore from the ship, and she was retaken some time after, and sentence of death pronounced for returning from transportation before her time; but after laying in Newgate near a year, received his Majesty's pardon on condition on going to Botany Bay for life, which she refused at the bar on account of not being permitted to take her children with her, and was taken back to Newgate in strong convulsions, and her shrieks were re-echoed through the whole gaol. The occasion of her committing the theft, from her own and her husband's account, was as follows:&mdash;They were natives of Ireland. He was by trade a stonemason, but on coming to England entered into the service of a merchant in Austin Friars, where he continued till after they were married, when he returned to his trade, and had worked with a stonemason at the west end of the town, near two years, when he had the misfortune to have a stone fall on him, and was carried to St. Thomas's hospital; that during the time he was there, having nothing to support herself and children, she committed the theft for which she was convicted; that fearing it might disgrace her husband she was tried by her maiden name; that after she escaped she secreted herself till her husband could procure means of their returning to Ireland; but venturing out one evening she was recognised by one of the gaol-runners, and unfortunately taken hold of. Our passage hither from the Lizard has been extremely boisterous; we have been twenty-five days buffeting it with contrary winds for the most part of the way. My four consorts have parted company; some from stress of weather, others designedly. Dear Sir, We have now been three months and two days at sea, without putting into, or almost without seeing, any land till we arrived here. It has pleased God to preserve me in a wonderful manner, under such complicated affliction as I had to struggle with, and our voyage, so far, has exceeded my most sanguine expectations. I find myself now, at the Cape of Good Hope, in much better health than when I left England, and in suitable spirits&mdash;in as composed, if not chearful, spirits as ever I was in my life. The gout and rheumatism, with that dreadful disorder the scurvy, which too often makes such havoc at sea, I never had a touch of; and still, thank Heaven, am as great a stranger to them as ever, as far as relates to myself. I have had no illness of any sort since we sailed, not even an hour of the usual sea-sickness; and I know you will feel pleasure from hearing that it has pleased God to raise me up valuable friends even in this remote region. You find, dear sir, that though in a state of captivity, I am still possessed of two of life's greatest blessings&mdash;health and a tranquil mind. Sweet Hope, like a faithful companion, has constantly attended me in all my troubles, and still continues unshaken by my side. And why should I despair, who am yet in the prime of years? The united efforts of falsehood, malice, and rancour have not been able to deprive me of life or health&mdash;of the esteem and good wishes of the liberal part of the world&mdash;or even of that firmness of mind which the smiles of Fortune cannot give and her frowns cannot take away. I have the satisfaction to know that my heart never was by any means so black as some blacker hearts have suggested; and as for my life, it is in the care of Providence. Death is the grand ultimatum of the wealth and the poverty, the pleasure and the pain, of this world; this must happen to every one, and they who live longest will, perhaps, have most reason to say that 'tis "All vanity and vexation of spirit." How many did I leave behind in Europe in ample possession of beauty, youth, health, and splendour, who have since experienced, by the gripe of death, how vain a thing life is. I sincerely hope, dear sir, that you and the whole of your amiable family are hearty and well. If wishes had power, mine would not be wanting to make you as happy as your own desire. But you have one of the greatest possessions in the world&mdash;a worthy heart; with it a man cannot be very unhappy in the roughest storm of adversity, and without it you may depend that riches, titles, and success can impart but an empty satisfaction. If I live till New Year's Day, I will drink your health at the antipodes, though it be but in the crystal element. I have sometimes done it in a more exhilarating, though not, perhaps, in a more safe or wholesome, beverage. Farewell, dear sir! Whatever climate or circumstances I may be in I shall not cease to be, with sincere regard and esteem, P.S.&mdash;I understand it was reported in the papers that when I came on board my hair was cut off, and my clothes taken away, but nothing of the kind happened to me. I was permitted to retain both, and continue to this hour to meet every indulgence that can soften my situation. My respects and warmest wishes wait on all my friends. Sir, Indian corn is likely to be the most profitable grain that can be raised in this country, and our views are chiefly directed to the cultivation of that article; but how we can succeed in raising a sufficient quantity I know not, without a more speedy method of preparing the ground is hit upon than by the spade and hoe. To labor with a plough** is impracticable, as the stumps of the trees and their roots still remain in the ground, and cannot now be removed without an immensity of trouble. Such of the convicts whose times are out and choose to become settlers have small grants of land given to them, and men to cut down the trees, with eighteen months' provisions from the public store. But the clearing and cultivation of the land depends wholly upon themselves. The Governor has endeavoured to place them as contiguous to fresh water as possible; but that article is so scarce that there is a danger of their being without it, even with the best management. They are allowed grain also to sow their first crop, and a good many lately have made trial of the business; but some of them are already repenting of their bargains, and it is highly probable they will have greater cause ere long. A reform of government (if this country is continued) is much wanted; but nothing can be so truly acceptable as freedom and a trial by jury in all cases. Our journies to the northward or southward along the coast have not as yet extended farther than Broken Bay and Botany Bay; but the country backwards has been penetrated and pretty accurately examined for upwards of thirty miles; but, as I have formerly said, it has not been commended, some few tracts excepted, that have presented a better appearance. Norfolk Island, I am informed from the benignity of its soil, bids fair to support five or six hundred colonists very well; but a greater number, it is thought, would prove a burden, as a sufficient quantity of timber must be left for firewood; and the whole island does not exceed 11,000 acres. At this place and Parramatta bricks and tiles are made in numbers, and with ease, so that more permanent buildings than our original habitations were are erecting as fast as possible. I wish we could fill our granaries as readily as we can build houses. The Mary Ann arrived here on the 9th of July last with 141 female convicts, after a passage of four months and twelve days from Gravesend; since which the Gorgon and six of the transports bound to this part of the world have come in all safety; the other four were left at the Cape. They have been very healthy throughout the voyage, and few of them have greatly exceeded five months on their passage. These ten sail of transports will nearly land us 2,000 convicts, without bringing more than a proportion of six months' provisions for their subsistence; so that storeships will need to arrive shortly, or else we shall soon be sorely pinched. The Governor is authorized by this conveyance to inform such of the convicts as have served their terms of transportation that they are at liberty to go where they think proper.* Had this been made known before it would have prevented much murmuring and discontent among them. They all despaired of ever being able to leave this country, which operated so powerfully on their minds that labour became painful, and any chance of escaping, however dangerous, appeared to them preferable to that of remaining in perpetual slavery. Fifteen of them set out at different times in two open boats belonging to the settlement. How they will succeed I cannot devise, but the chance is certainly much against them. The marines, who have justly felt much indignation at the treatment they have met with here, are, to their great joy, to return home immediately in the Gorgon. On their arrival, as well as Captain Hunter, matters must be brought to light, and I have no doubt but the injured will obtain ample justice. The discontent and murmuring that has already arisen in the New South Wales Corps prognosticates very little harmony in that quarter, and I believe the chiefs in politics here are heartily sorry for the exchange, but themselves are to blame for it they do not deserve pity. We found lying here on our arrival his Majesty's ships Gorgon and Supply, brig, with ten sail of transports, such a sight as was never known here before. On the 17th we sent on shore to the King's hospital about one hundred of the convicts in an emaciated state, owing in some measure to the flux and scurvy which raged among them with much inveteracy; and likewise to other causes which ought to have been prevented. Were those poor deluded wretches who bid defiance to and trample wantonly upon all laws but once to know what they have to undergo, both on their passage here and on their disembarking, I think few, if any, would be foolhardy enough to continue their nefarious courses of life. When severely pinched with gnawing hunger, how have I seen many fine fellows supplicating in the most pressing manner imaginable for the damaged bread that was for the hogs and poultry. I have seen the poor fellows so exhausted with hunger and thirst that they could hardly stand alone. The 19th and 21st we delivered the remainder of our convicts and soldiers, some of whom were sent to Norfolk Island, a place about one thousand miles from this, and the rest were sent to a place about twenty-four miles in the woods, called by the natives Parramatta, and by our people Rosehill. From this to the 12th of November delivered our cargo, &amp;c., &amp;c., and now, having some leisure time, have made several small excursions into the woods, where we could go with safety; and surely there never was discovered a place so unlikely to answer the intentions of Government as this. It produces hardly anything natural to support man or beast, and what efforts art can render to assist nature seldom repays sufficient for the trouble. There are some cabbage-trees, a kind of wild cherries, currants, and some wild nuts, but very few of either. There is, likewise, an herb used as greens, but they are very salt, as they grow upon the sea-beech, and another herb tasting exactly like Spanish liquorish, which, when boiled, yields a kind of sweet drink. These are the only natural productions fit for the use of man. Those of the inhabitants (which is not one in twenty) who have little gardens grow a few cabbages, greens, peas, kidney-beans, turnips, carrots, onions, leeks, parsley, &amp;c., &amp;c., but not many come to perfection. There is in some wheat and other grain growing, but most of it is very bad, owing to the excessive heat and scorching winds. The natives, who are all blacks of a ferocious nature, go entirely naked, both male and female; they have neither hut nor any kind of habitations, except the cavities of cragged rocks and hollow trunks of stupendous, lofty trees. Their living is mostly the roots of fern, which they roast for bread, and fish, which are here in great plenty, of various kinds, particularly oisters, cockles, and muscles, very large of their kind, but not so palatable as ours. There are great numbers of birds of the parrot kind, and some pelicans and other rare sorts. There are, likewise, many cangaroos, but they are very shy, and keep mostly in the interior parts of the woods. We sometimes get some to buy for sixpence per pound, but it must be done privately, as the Governor will not allow it. It tastes much like our venison, but not so rich, and no fat upon it. The opposum, of which there is a great number, are something larger than a rabbit; eat very well. There are plenty of flying squirrels, large rats and mice, a great number of snakes, lizards, guanos, and other reptiles, but none venomous except the centipedes, of which I saw a number in the woods last Sunday. There are various kinds of insects different from those in England, and others exactly the same. You will, perhaps, scarcely credit me when I tell you the exorbitant price of things here. Tobacco has been sold lately for &pound;1 5s. per lb., and is now, since the arrival of the fleet, to 6s. 8d., and some 10s., per lb.; sugar, 3s.; soap, 2s., has been as high as 7s.; tea, 15s. to 20s. and 25s. per lb.; rum, 30s. per gallon, and a great favour to procure it. Tobacco-pipes, of which I had a good stock, but unfortunately destroyed in gales of wind at sea, are sold at 3d. apiece. Everything in the way of women's apparel sells excessively high. I see a great number of faces whom I knew in London. One I saw in the woods who recollected me, and made enquiry after sundry persons belonging to Billingsgate. He belonged to Leadenhall-market, and I think he told me his name was Michael Wrany; he is for life. We buried thirty-seven convicts and one soldier's child, and had one born on the passage The Queen and Atlantic, of 400 tons each, are to be dispatched from hence to Calcutta to buy flour for the settlement. Two persons of this description had received 100 lashes for their insolence, as it was termed. One of them was near sixty years of age, who had added to his crime by secreting himself in the hold of a homeward-bound ship, where it was his fate to be discovered. According to the dimensions given me of this place, it contained 75 feet, or thereabouts, in length; 35 feet, or thereabouts, at the utmost, in breadth; and 6 feet 6 inches, or thereabouts, in height between the beams; and 5 feet 7 inches, or thereabouts, in height below the beams; within which space were built the miserable apartments for confining, boarding, and lodging upwards of 400 male convicts, in four rows of cabins one story high, viz., one row on each side of the ship from the mainmast forwards, and two rows in the middle, or midships, not quite so long. These cabins were about six feet in length and breadth, and the bottom boards of the lower cabin were four inches above the deck. Sydney is the spot where the first settlement was formed, merely for the advantage of good water and the conveniency of the harbour. In this part are only gardens sufficient to supply the inhabitants with vegetables, &amp;c. The Governor and principal officers chiefly reside here, and as many convicts as are sufficient to attend the storehouses, fishing-boats, different officers, &amp;c. Those whose sentence is expired and are in expectation of getting home ** chiefly choose this place for their residence. About two miles from this place are the brickfields, where a great number of bricks and tiles have been lately made, but they are still in great want of limestone, or a substitute for it. At present a stiff kind of clay is used to build with, but it is such a weak cement they dare not attempt to raise their houses even one story. There is not such a thing in the colony as a set of stairs, except in the Governor's house, which is only one story, and is built with lime brought from England. The bricks and tiles are both of one colour&mdash;of a light-brown&mdash;which make the buildings quite romantic. Those that are built of wood are whitewashed with pipeclay, which is found here in great plenty. Parramatta is the grand settlement, about sixteen miles from Sydney by land. The buildings are the same as at that place, forming one large street nearly one mile long. The houses are all separate from one another, space being left to enlarge them when necessary. There is a large hospital, church, storehouses, &amp;c. The Governor has a house here upon Rose Hill, a most delightful spot. Here is a large park, called Cumberland Park, where the Government cattle are put to graze The greatest part of the cattle and sheep, belonging to different people, are at this place. There is at present about 100 acres of corn standing here, chiefly Indian corn, some wheat, oats, barley, &amp;c. They look remarkably well, and there is not the least doubt of its being the most fruitful harvest the colony has ever experienced. It will commence in about eight or ten weeks. The women have a more comfortable life than the men. Those who are not fortunate enough to be selected for wives (which every officer, settler, and soldier is entitled to, and few are without) are made hutkeepers; those who are not dignified with this office are set to make shirts, frocks, trousers, &amp;c., for the men, at a certain number per day; ocasionally to pick grass in the fields, and for a very slight offence are kept constantly at work the same as the men. It is absolutely necessary to keep a strict discipline among such people, and their punishments are very severe. The colony is by no means without good laws and officers of justice. There is a Judge, Justice of the Peace, and constables; most of the latter are convicts. At this time Barrington holds the post of head-constable at Parramatta, and is a very diligent officer. For a very trifling offence a convict is put into the stocks until it is convenient to examine him. If guilty, he is taken to a cart-wheel to receive a Botany Bay dozen, which is twenty-five lashes; if the crime is such as would be punished by a dozen on board a ship or on shore in England, it is here punished with two or three hundred. If it is anything of consequence, such as theft, they are tried by a regular court, which generally terminates in a sentence of death, or a second transportation to Norfolk Island for life. At the same time, the convicts have the advantage of the laws as well as others. No person, unless those immediately concerned with them, is allowed to strike them, or by any means ill-use them. All complaints must be made to the Justice, who must be consulted on the most trifling occasions. The natives of New South Wales are not very numerous*; towards the sea-coast they are quite black, of the middle size, and in general well-limbed; have large flat noses, thick lips, and short hair&mdash;not of the woolly kind like the African negroes. They are a lazy, indolent people, and of no ingenuity. They never even think of seeking for food till hunger presses them. Their chief living is fish, which they catch with a hook and line, or with a fishgig made of wood, and sharpened with fishbones or kangaroo teeth. They have no other method of cooking but roasting the fish on the fire, which is generally done as soon as they get them out of the water, and they are frequently so hungry as not to allow themselves time to dress them, but eat them half-raw. They commonly fish and eat till they can scarcely move; they then go on shore, make a fire, and lay down to sleep by the side of it. They have no kind of cloathing; both men and women are always naked. If it rains, they fly to some hollow rock or cavern for shelter; if it is fine, they just pull up some long grass, make a fire, dry it, and go to sleep on it. They cannot bear to be confined to a hut or tent. The Governor has built a very neat brick hut for one of the chiefs, but neither he nor his family will live in it; they will sometimes stay at the place for a day, then make a fire on the outside of it. In short, they prefer living in the woods and going naked to the best house or clothes in the colony. There are many of them that visit Sydney every day for the sake of what they can get to eat, and at night they return to the woods. There are three or four of the chiefs who attend the Governor's house every day for their dinner and a glass of wine. Several of the officers have both boys and girls as servants, but they are so lazy that it is with difficulty you can persuade them to get themselves a drink of water. If you attempt to strike them, they will immediately set out for the woods, and stay four or five days. Indeed, it is common for them to strip off what clothes they may have on, and take a trip to the woods, whether offended or not. If they were shy at the first settling in the colony, that is not the case now, for the people can scarcely keep them out of their houses in daytime. At the same time they must be cautious how they affront them. If they offend them, at the first opportunity they will certainly spear them, at which they are very dexterous.* Their spears are made of the stem of the grass-tree, are about twelve or fourteen feet long, pointed with fishbone or teeth, and bearded with shells stuck on with gum, and are very dangerous weapons; they will throw them fifty or sixty yards,** and strike within two or three inches at a certainty. They are very treacherous and deceiving. If they chance to meet any person in the woods singly, it is ten to one but they spear him and strip him of his clothes, though of no use to them. If there are two or three together they will not attempt to assault them, particularly if they have a musket, at which they are much frightened; few people travel the woods without one. Some time since one of them speared the Governor quite through the shoulder from near the backbone to the neck, which went through above five inches. He had one of their chiefs with him at his house some time, and fearing he would go away had made him a prisoner; however, he made his escape. The Governor, hearing where he went, next day went about seven miles from Sydney, and found him and several more together. To convince them he did not intend them any harm, he went to them by himself, and while he was expostulating with this chief, and intreating him to return, one of them, who was behind, struck him with the spear, and ran away to the woods. But he suffered severely for the offence as soon as he was found by the rest; they beat him in a most unmerciful manner, knocked one of his eyes out, and nearly deprived him of life, while the Governor was carried home with the spear in his shoulder, which, however, was not attended with any bad consequence; in less than three weeks he was able to walk out. They are divided into several tribes or casts, and are known to which they belong by the loss of one of their fore teeth, or the joint of their fore or little finger.*** They have frequent wars and desperate battles with each other at fixed times. Whenever a dispute arises between them that causes a fight, they name a certain day and fix a place to meet for the engagement. Everyone is armed with his spear, a large club, stone hatchet, and a shield. They are at great pains to paint themselves and make the most terrible appearance they can at those times. Those who fall in the battle are left lying on the ground without any more notice, except it be a chief or some one much respected. Then they cover him with wood, set fire to it until the flesh is burnt from the bones, and in this state they leave it. Those that die naturally are not buried, but are left where they die, unless they be of note; then they are burnt. They cannot bear the idea of dying by a natural death, which is indeed seldom the case, their frequent wars not suffering them to live to a great age. The oldest that I remembered to have seen did not to appearance exceed thirty years,**** If one of a family dies, they generally put one or more of the survivors to death, and a family of eight or nine has been often known to be reduced to two or three in the course of a month. These two causes prevent their being numerous. They are very quick in learning to speak English, and will repeat any sentence after you immediately, particularly any tune. When in their canoes, they keep constantly singing while they paddle along. They have the French tune of Malbrook very perfect; I have heard a dozen or twenty singing it together. The different kinds of beasts, birds, and insects are numerous, and the birds in general are very beautiful. There is a great variety of different sorts of parrots, parroquetts, and many other birds unknown in England; a great many insects also, which are very troublesome and destructive, one in particular, that in the hot, dry season destroys the corn. These have been known to overspread a field of corn in the course of one night and totally destroy it. The musquittoes and flies are in great quantities; the latter will infect fresh meat in such a manner that it is sometimes difficult to keep it free from maggots even one hour after it is killed. Of the beasts, the kangaroo is found to be the best eating, exactly resembling venison; they are sometimes shot, and sometimes taken with dogs. In dry weather it is difficult to get them any way, owing to their swiftness in leaping; but in rainy and wet weather they are easily caught or shot. They often wound the dogs in a desperate manner with their tail, with which they strike with great force. They grow very slowly, and are near two years before they come to their full size, and then they will weigh about 2 cwt.* They have a false belly, in which they secure their young when pursued, and commonly carry them till they are five or six months old. There are a great many oppossums and flying squirrels, which are good eating. Guanas, snakes, &amp;c., are very plentiful. There are also some of the finest dogs wild in the woods, and many other kind of beasts, but none of them in the least dangerous. The trees with which the whole country abounds are found to be of little use&mdash;not fit either for building houses or boats, though there are many boats built with them, but they will not last long; and likewise houses, for necessity has no law. There are two kinds of oak, called the he and the she oak, but not to be compared with English oak, and a kind of pine and mahogany, so heavy that scarce either of them will swim. Some distance up the country the trees grow very strait, and to a great heighth, though not one in a hundred are sound. As an instance, when the Supply was ordered for England, she wanted a new foremast, and to find one to answer such a small ship it cost them upwards of three weeks' labour, in which time they cut down more than thirty trees before one was found to be sound at the heart, and this of such a weight it was with difficulty they moved and erected it. There are trees which produce two sorts of gum&mdash;a yellow kind, which the natives make use of for their spears, fishgigs, and canoes; and a kind which is called dragon's blood, but they are of no use but for the fare. The male convicts were admitted on deck fifty or sixty at a time, and relieved every two hours. Exclusive of these, all the sick that could be brought up, and the boys, and those who behaved well, were permitted to come up at the same time. In short, no male convict that chose to come upon deck had less than from two to four hours each day. The hatch admitted two at a time. It was necessary to have it of this size, in order to prevent a surprize. The convicts lodged in the upper tier of cabins were upon deck as much as those in the lower tier; and, exclusive of the light from the hatches, there were many lights burned on the orlop deck amongst the convicts till eight o'clock at night. Lieutenant Shapcote, on his coming on board in Stoke's Bay, ordered the convicts to be searched, among whom were found between seventy and one hundred knives, a great number of chests with large iron hinges and iron clasps at the corners; also a number of tinpots. All these articles were, by his orders, and under his personal inspection, taken from their rooms. Whoever could sell or otherways dispose of his chest among the sailors and soldiers were at liberty to do so. Their knives and tinpots, which they converted into knives, were withheld from them. Many of the chests and old clothes were thrown overboard by the agent's directions, he being fearful they might bring the gaol distemper into the ship. Neither the agent or Mr. Trail took anything from them to appropriate to their own uses, nor were the convicts without bowls, platters, or tinpots, when necessary. They had a knife to each mess to cut their victuals. The method of serving the convicts can only be answered by the ship's steward. There was seldom any complaint made to the master about the mode, the agent always taking upon himself the seeing provisions served out.* The male convicts were allowed three pints of water per day, exclusive of what was made use of for cooking their victuals. Neither were the sick, or any of the others, without cans, or smaller vessels than kegs, to drink out of. When, in hot weather, near the Line, in order to thin the rooms, more convicts were allowed to sleep upon deck every night than the number of soldiers and sailors to guard them. Nothing but humanity could have authorized the agent and Mr. Trail to have run this risk. During their continuance between the Tropics, every precaution, with windsails and the ports up fore and aft, was taken for keeping the rooms cool; and Mr. Trail verily believes their apartments were the coolest in the ship. The women convicts, during the passage, had the range of the poop and quarter-deck. A pint of water was allowed each for tea in the morning (exclusive of their daily allowance, which was so large as to enable them to wash their linen), nor was there any obstruction to their boiling it before their arrival at the Cape. As for the ship's company being severely flogged for speaking to them, it is not true; they frequently deserved it for breaking into the rooms of the females, and many times it was found that the females had been taken out of their rooms in the night by the ship's company, and lodged where they had an opportunity of conversing with the male convicts. It is true that on the ship's arrival at the Cape of Good Hope every male convict in health was put in irons, the reason for which was that the ship laid so near the shore that it was necessary to take every precaution to prevent their landing, the commander and owners having given bond that none should be suffered to escape. Every man that chose to come upon deck had two hours in his turn. While the ship continued at the Cape the convicts were well supplied with fresh beef or mutton every day, and vegetables allowed them in their broth. The agent was perfectly satisfied they were well supplied, and Mr. Trail says he never heard of any complaint. No female convict was out of the ship in the night. One was permitted, under the charge of one of the ship's company, to wash and dry linen on shore in the daytime, and she, with the man (her guard), returned to the ship with the linen before dark. This happened but twice. Major Delisle and a captain in the Dutch service returned a visit to Captain Nepean, and the distance from Cape Town (where they lived) to the ship being upwards of twenty miles, and the roads bad, they could not return the same night, therefore accepted a bed in the cabin with Captain Nepean. They were both married men, and their wives at the Cape. It cannot be thought they could stay on account of the female convicts, as insinuated by Mr. Evans,* neither did any other Dutch officer sleep in the ship during the time she remained at the Cape. Mr. Trail, in order to serve Government, and relieve the settlement in New South Wales, received on board the Neptune 300 tierces of provisions from Capt. Riou, of the Guardian; but neither Mr. Trail or his owners derived any benefit therefrom. When the ship had made her passage about halfway between the Cape and Port Jackson, it being then the middle of winter, we had a continuance of heavy gales of wind and high seas, so that cooking became impracticable upon deck; for this reason the convicts' provisions were obliged to be dressed in the ship's coppers below. Being under the necessity of cooking for the ship's company and convicts in the same coppers, they probably were not so regularly served as they had formerly been; but it did not happen that they had any cause of complaint more than twice or thrice at most, and that from the severity of the weather. It must be obvious to everyone a saving of coals could not be the object, as we were going to a woody country. The women convicts had leave to boil water at pleasure, but from the badness of the weather, as above stated, and being obliged to cook below, there was not the room as formerly (when there were two fires) for each female's pot; a large copper was, therefore, boiled every other morning for them; this, however, was only for a short time, but at all times there was water boiled for the sick, both male and female. After the ship left the Cape of Good Hope a violent epidemical fever, together with the scurvy, appeared amongst the convicts, and everyone was affected in a more or less degree, in consequence of which the commander made application to Lieutenant Shapcote for an order to serve out porter to them, which was refused, the agent not thinking himself justified in giving such orders. Mr. Trail, therefore, supplied them with vinegar to wash their mouths, and vegetables that he brought from the Cape for his own use (without any expence to Government), which restored many of them. They, likewise, as the weather was very bad and cold, frequently refused to come upon deck, and were oftentimes obliged to be forced up, in order to preserve their health. After the death of the agent, the greatest part of the convicts had their irons taken off, and for some days previous to their arrival at Port Jackson not one of them was in confinement. Two or three weeks before the arrival of the ship at Port Jackson, Mr. Trail received information that a Mrs. Wheeler, a female convict, had stolen one of his table-cloths. He sent for her trunk, which was opened in the presence of the officers of the troops and of the ships. A part of the cloth was found in the trunk, which, being compared with the others belonging to Mr. Trail (above sixty in number, all of the same width and pattern), exactly corresponded. The convict was asked who had been concerned with her in the theft, and what was become of the other part of it. She would not say. Mr. Trail, therefore, ordered her clothes and the piece of cloth to be locked up in the gun-room, there to remain until her arrival in New South Wales, when he intended to have applied to the Court of Justice to have her punished. However, on their arrival he ordered his steward to let Mrs. Wheeler have all her things again, even the piece of cloth in dispute. Her trunk, when searched for the cloth, was found to swarm with bugs, on which account it was thrown overboard. This trunk was the only one thrown overboard belonging to the female convicts, and the aspersion thrown out by Mr. Evans that Mr. Trail ordered all the females' trunks and boxes to be examined, and after choosing anything he liked and taking it to himself, saying, "Damn you, you bitch, this is mine, you stole it from me," is totally false; neither is it the language of Mr. Trail to call the most abandoned of the sex by such opprobrious names. While the ship lay in Stoke's Bay the convicts were not at any allowance of water, but had it to go to, and even to wash with, without any hindrance; nor were they locked up, as described by Mr. Evans, on the orlop deck, but at least 150 were always upon deck. Had they been treated as described, it is more than probable they would have made it known among their other complaints to the Treasury, for complaints they made of their being heavily ironed, and an inquiry was made in consequence. Four hundred and twenty-one male and seventy-eight female convicts embarked or sailed from England, and twelve others were received on board at the Cape, so that the whole number embarked amounted to 511 persons, out of which number 158 died, as appears by the master's affidavit sworn at Sidney, New South Wales, as asserted by Mr. Evans. As it would have been dangerous to have taken up all the convicts at once, the orlop deck could not be washed, neither would the situation of the cabins admit of it. This deck was daily scraped, swabbed, or mopped, and twice a week sprinkled with oil of tar or vinegar, and was as free from nastiness or bad smells as any ship that ever carried convicts. Stores were certainly stowed on the gun-deck, but it was in order to keep the other deck clear for the convicts. It was assuredly the carpenter's duty to put tarpaulings on the hatches. And Mr. Evans has observed that he was every way disposed to contribute to the comfort of the convicts; but the fact is that he was so indolent a man that before he could be got upon deck a splash of sea might get down the hatches; but, from the diligence and attention of the officers on deck, this accident seldom happened&mdash;and this is what Mr. Evans calls a leak. The surgeon had a regular education at Edinburgh, I think under Dr. Munro, from [whom] he has certificates of qualification. He was supplied with a large medicine-chest, which was sufficiently filled with medicines for the voyage. He daily visited the sick; therefore must know who was and who was not dead. The convicts in the adjoining cabins, not receiving any advantage from the dead men's rations, would certainly have discovered and complained of dead bodies being kept among them. The hump-back man, said to have jumped overboard, was in a state of insanity; he had no reason for complaint. Whilst under or near the Line he was indulged with sleeping upon deck, where he could not suffer from the heat, and had been on deck some nights and days before this happened, so that Mr. Trail verily believes he fell overboard. As to the insinuation of the agent having died an untimely death, it is well known that he had been some time in a declining state of health; that the night previous to his dissolution he supped with Mr. Trail, his wife, the commanding officer of the troops, and the surgeon; that he ate very heartily of sallad and bread and cheese, and said he felt himself much better than he had been for some time before: that he went to bed about nine o'clock; that between three and four o'clock in the morning Mr. Trail was awaked by the chief mate, who informed him that a female convict (who had constantly attended Mr. Shapcote) had just acquainted him of the death of the agent, upon which information, Mr. Trail, together with the commanding officer of the troops and the surgeon, went to his berth and locked his bureau; and that he was so very offensive that they were obliged to bury him about ten o'clock the same morning, when the funeral service was read over him at the gangway, by &mdash; &mdash; &mdash; * in presence of the ship's company, soldiers, and the greatest part of the convicts; and that after the funeral the commanding officer of the troops, attended by the chief and second mates, took an inventory of his effects, which was afterwards given to his son at Port Jackson. There are about three hundred yearling vines of the most promising appearance. The plough and the harrow are useless. For want of cattle, the manure of every kind must be carried on the land by men, which, when added to the trouble and labour of clearing a woody country, will account for the slow progress we make. You are to consider that, without the use of cattle to assist the labourer, we can never hope for any extent of cultivation. The roots of large trees, which have been in the ground for ages, are so interlaced with one another that to clear these roots is a labour of infinite fatigue, and disheartening in a soil which is ungrateful enough to refuse a return for the trouble of clearing it. As to the enclosures making with a view to preserve the cattle from straggling and being lost in future, that can only be done on a very small scale. The providing them with grass and proper food will become a very great charge on such a soil as this. A few settlers, with great assistance, might by dint of labour maintain themselves in time; but as to the idea of the possibility of supporting an extensive and numerous settlement, it must be given up. As to Norfolk Island, which you must consider in England as an appendage to this settlement, it is so&mdash;if at the distance of 300 leagues it can be called an appendage. It is as far from this as Gibraltar from England, which is seldom considered as an appendage to England, although dependant on the mother country. Norfolk Island is a better soil than Sydney Cove, and will produce corn on cultivation after it is cleared. This has likewise its difficulties. One of the principal is that it has no anchorage round it, and is so difficult of access, on account of the constant surf, that landing on it is dangerous at all times, and for several days at a time wholly impracticable. The island is very small&mdash;about four miles long. It is very much pestered with vermin, and particularly caterpillars, which destroy the growing crop and do infinite damage. The female convicts on the island are employed collecting these vermin, and are tasked at three quarts a day in the time of the crops. This island may probably be able to support 200 or 300 people when it is cleared and cultivated, and is certainly a proper place for banishment, from being so difficult of access. This appears to me to be the only place that can continue of any use, for as to the present settlement of Sydney Cove, it cannot ever become equal to the support of any number of inhabitants, and the more you encrease the number the more you will encrease the difficulty. The female convict who made her escape from Botany Bay, and suffered the greatest hardships during a voyage of three thousand leagues, and who was afterwards retaken and condemned to death, has been pardoned, and released from Newgate. In the story of this woman there is something extremely singular. A gentleman of high rank in the Army visited her in Newgate, heard the detail of her life, and for that time departed. The next day he returned, and told the old gentleman who keeps the prison that he had procured her pardon, which he shewed him, at the same time requesting that she should not be apprised of the circumstance. The next day he returned with his carriage, and took off the poor woman, who almost expired with the excess of gratitude. I should have mentioned in my former letter, had time permitted, the D&aelig;dalus having brought two of the natives of New Zealand to instruct the people to manufacture the flax-plant. The process proves to be a very simple one. They divide the fibre or haum across the leaf, about half through, with the point of a knife (in New Zealand they do this with a cockle-shell), then they draw it three or four times under the back of a knife, so that the outer part strips off. It is then taken to the water, and beat with a round stick; after this it is hung out in the sun to bleach; when sufficiently bleached, it is then hackled and spun into yarn. The two last parts of the process are an improvement made on the New Zealand mode of preparing it. By this method there has been some excellent canvas made out of it at this island, a sample of which is sent home. All that is now wanting is a machine that will dress it in a more expeditious manner, which might be easily invented by an artist, the New Zealand method being rather tedious, and requiring a number of hands. The New Zealanders are pleasant and good-natured beyond anything one could expect to meet with amongst so barbarous a people as they have always been considered to be. One of them is called Odoo, the other Tugee. The former is son to one of the princes of that country; the other is son to one of their priests. They live constantly at the Lieutenant-Governor's, and eat at his table. They seem very well content at their present situation. At times they express a wish to return to their native country, which will be complied with the first favourable opportunity that offers. Various are the accounts respecting this colony (and not more so than the causes that have produced them), some of them, I am convinced, from a want of competent knowledge or sufficient information on the subject they spoke of. This has been the case with some, in my opinion, as I believe them to be men of the greatest veracity, and incapable of misrepresenting things; but that there have been misrepresentations is beyond a doubt, and many of them so unfavourable to the colony that nothing but time and facts can obliterate them. However, most people allow the climate to be very fine, and that there are considerable tracts of fine ground; and the general opinion is that, were there a sufficient number of black cattle imported, the colony would soon amply supply itself. As to this island, all agree that the soil is excellent; all it wants is a good harbour, and much could be done to remove this inconvenience should the place prove to be an object worth that attention. To conclude this part of my letter, I am of opinion that New South Wales is not sufficiently known to authorize anyone to give a decisive account of the country, as there are not above thirty miles known one way, and not more than twenty the other, which is but a speck, speaking of such an immense tract of country as New Holland is. I have some seeds and specimens of plants for you, which I shall send in the first ship that sails from this directly to Europe. I would have sent them by this conveyance but, from the long voyage, I think they would share the same fate as those I sent you before. The two New Zealanders, Tugee and Odoo, having expressed the greatest anxiety to return to their native country, and the Governor, being desirous that they should return impressed with those favourable ideas which they have hitherto imbibed of the friendship and kind treatment they had received at this island, was equally anxious that their wishes should be complied with; and on the afternoon of Friday, the 8th of March, Lieutenant-Governor King, the Rev. Mr. Bain, myself,* Mr. Chapman, the two natives, two non-commissioned officers, and seventeen privates belonging to the New South Wales Corps, embarked on board the Britannia. The wind being fair, made sail about four o'clock p.m. The weather continued fine, and the wind favourable. Nothing particular occurred until Tuesday morning, when we made the Three Kings, a small island which lies off the north end of New Zealand. About eleven o'clock we were abreast of North Cape. As soon as the bay opened, the natives came off in their canoes, and came alongside of the ship with the greatest confidence, unprovided with any warlike instruments, except a few which they brought to dispose of. By evening there were no less than seven of these canoes alongside, containing, upon an average, twenty men each. They exchanged their cloth, flax, fishing-hooks, lines, &amp;c., &amp;c., with the people on board, for knives, axes, pieces of iron, hoops, &amp;c., &amp;c. This traffic was carried on, with the strictest honesty by both parties, until the evening put an end to it, when the canoes returned to the shore. It was almost calm during the night, and in the morning there were only light airs, with some appearance (by the clouds) of a contrary wind, the ship being about fifteen leagues from the place where the two natives lived. As this night seemed extremely likely to detain the ship longer than the Governor wished for, he asked Tugee and Odoo if they would go in one of the natives' canoes, to which they seemed very much averse. Some time after one of the principal chiefs came on board, who informed them that their chief had been on a visit there about three days before the ship arrived&mdash;that the two tribes were on the strongest terms of amity with each other. They informed the Governor of this, and seemed perfectly convinced of the truth of it, and were satisfied to go with him in his canoe. The Governor told them it might be a deception, and that if they had any doubt they had better return to Norfolk, and wait for another opportunity; to which Tugee replied "that chiefs never told lies, and that they were quite satisfied to go in the canoe." The Governor finding that the ship was not likely to get round to the bay, and being also convinced of the truth of what the chief had told them, as one of the natives who had stayed on board all night had related the same story, he now consented to their going in the canoe, and sent for the chief and told him that he should be back in four months, and, should he find Tugee and Odoo well, he would make him and his tribe a very handsome present; to which he replied by saluting with the nose&mdash;that is, he applied his nose to the Governor's, in which position he continued for some minutes. This done, the stock, Indian corn, wheat, and garden seeds, &amp;c., &amp;c., were put into the canoe. Poor Tugee and Odoo now came to take leave of us with very full hearts indeed, and seemed gratefully impressed with a sense of the obligations they were under to Governor King, whom they were very much attached to. Everything being now in the canoe, they put off for the shore. The next day we had a fair wind for Norfolk, where we arrived on Tuesday, the 18th, about four o'clock, being just ten days on our passage to New Zealand and back again to Norfolk. I can give you no information respecting this country, as we did not land. As to the coast, it looks to be sandy in many places, but in general it seems covered with green herbage. I think a large quantity of flax might be bought from the natives for very little. I send you a specimen of it, and some other curiosities which I purchased of them. I also send you enclosed in the letter a small specimen of the Norfolk Island flax, as dressed ready for the hackle. About 1,800 acres of land is cleared at Paramatta and the adjacent settlements. Owing to the very long drought, the Indian corn had yielded very short of expectation; but from the very great quantity of land now clearing, from the officers of the colony having taken grants, it is thought the next year will make ample amends. Fresh pork sold at 8d. and 9d. per lb., and a good fowl at 3s. The few cows they have were all in calf. Sheep and goats increase fast; the latter in general having three kids. A supply of black cattle would forward the colony much. Barrington is head-constable at Paramatta, and renders himself very useful by his good conduct and attention to his duty. Norfolk Island, which contains about 1,000 inhabitants, will, no doubt, in future produce sufficient corn for its own consumption. Fish is in astonishing plenty there. On the 8th of March, at eleven o'clock in the morning, the last ounce of animal food then in store was actually issued to all ranks and descriptions of people alike, and nothing but absolute famine stared us in the face; the labour of the convicts was remitted, and everyone seemed to despond, when, in the evening of the same day, the William arrived from London, and a ship from Bengal, loaded with provisions of every kind. At present everything bears the appearance of plenty, there being about 2,000 acres of wheat. I am now a farmer in my own right, having a grant of 100 acres of fine land, well watered, and in good cultivation. I have 100 head of fine goats, and am hopeful by Christmas to have both horses, cows, and sheep. I have this season returned to his Majesty's stores 1,514 bushels of Indian corn, at 5s. per bushel, and have now upwards of 1,000 bushels on the farm, in order to pay for men's labour in building a dwelling-house, barns, out-houses, &amp;c. I have likewise purchased a farm called Egleton's, containing sixty acres of land, felled and cleared, for which I paid sixty guineas, and am going to sow the whole with millet. Upwards of 4,000 acres of land being cleared, thunder and lightning are by no means so violent as before. There are nearly 300 convicts whose term of transportation is expired, and who live by their labour. I have six of those men employed on my farm at taskwork, who earn from 18s. to a guinea per week, so that no settler is at a loss for men to perform his work. I am well persuaded that trade will soon be established between America, Batavia, Bengal, and the Cape of Good Hope, as this place will at all times take off the entire cargoes of provisions and liquors. Goats thrive better than sheep here, and fetch from seven to ten pounds each. On the 31st of October we left this luxuriant country, and on November 26th entered the harbour of Table Bay (Cape of Good Hope), and saw the remains of the unfortunate ship Guardian. On the 23rd December left the plentiful and nourishing refreshments of the Cape; and on the 7th of February, 1792, we passed the South Cape of Van Dieman's Land. I looked very anxiously at a continent on which I was likely to spend the prime of my life. We sailed along the coast until the 14th Feb., when we anchored in Sydney Cove port. Providence has been good to me the whole voyage, being almost a stranger to sickness. I have many great friends here, and live much better than might have been expected in my station&mdash;in a military life. The settlement on the coast of New South Wales contains two principal towns: Sydney, the capital, and Pamaratta [sic] (formerly named Rose Hill), distant about seventeen miles. Sydney is situated at the head of a beautiful cove, which leads into an excellent harbour. Major Grose has made great improvements. Sydney contains 700 good comfortable huts, exclusive of numerous brick buildings, the property of Government. The soil is sandy, but by industry will produce sufficiently. Most of the gentlemen have farms about four miles from Sydney, which have grown a good crop of wheat, and I am of opinion that wheat will be plentiful in a few years. There are many settlers in different parts. The only or principal thing wanting is cattle, which might be kept in any number, grass being in plenty. We have many pigs and goats, but they are chiefly in the hands of gentlemen. Poultry and fish are tolerably cheap, but it must be remembered that this is the most flourishing period the colony ever experienced. Spirits being now plentiful, a number of persons retail the same, but the price, as well as quality, varies much; the gentlemen always purchase the cargoes, and this watery mixture is sold at 16s. per gallon. A convict was not, until very lately, on any account suffered to take spirits in payment for his work, but now the prisoners have plenty of liquor. Liquor, or more properly grog, purchases what money will not, viz., settlers' farms or crops unripe, &amp;c. Kangaroos formerly were plenty, but they are retired up the country. The trees never entirely shed their leaves. The summer is intensely hot, and the winters are very cold at nights and in the mornings, though the climate is much milder since I have been here, owing to the country being cleared. The seasons here are precisely opposite to the seasons in England, your winter being our summer. Paramatta is a town situated at the extreme cove of Port Jackson. On your ascending the wharf appears a row of huts on each side, and a spacious road to the distance of a mile; at the upper end, Governor Phillips erected his country seat. The garden that surrounds it is beautiful, abounding, in the season, with grapes, melons, pumpkins, and every other fruit and vegetable. The florist may also amuse himself. In short, the country may well be called Botany Bay; for the botanist, I believe, may here find the most beautiful shrubs and evergreens that produce very fragrant flowers. The Governor's garden at Paramatta is so situated by nature that, in my opinion, it is impossible for art to form so rural a scene. Five miles from Paramatta is another village. At this place Government have a great deal of land in cultivation. Every mile you travel inland the soil improves. At fourteen miles from the village of Irongabber [Toongabbie] is another settlement, called the Hawkesbury, at which place is a spacious fresh-water river, and the soil rich; and I have not a doubt but in a short time this place will be very flourishing. December 13, 1794.&mdash;The farmers are now gathering their wheat. It may appear to you extraordinary, but true it is, that the summers will produce two crops of vegetables. The quantity of timber surpasses all description, though the country has been so much cleared since I came. A great number of boats have been built, which supply us with plenty of fish, and the oysters are the largest I ever saw. About nine days sail from Sydney is Norfolk Island, a most fertile place, about the size of the Isle of Wight. The natives, in general, of Botany Bay are tall and slender, with very black curly hair, flat faces, and very large mouths; some of them run sticks through their nose; they draw the front tooth in tribute to their chief, are much scarified on the back and breast, done by an oyster-shell cemented with gum at the end of the whommora (or throwing-stick); they talk very quick, dance by raising their arms and wheeling in a circle, at same time singing or making a continued noise. One of the females sits thumping her stomach, which gives a droll sound. They burn their dead, are very expert at throwing their spears, and with exactness at a great distance. Their canoes are formed of solid bark, which they carve from the trees by means of a stone axe. They fight in a most savage manner. Their subsistence is chiefly on fish, the women being very expert at this duty; the lines are curiously platted from the bark of trees, and the hook is a piece of bark (sic). They assemble in small tribes, each having a different size. The children, when young, ride on the parents' shoulders, holding by the hair of the head. After death they expect a removal to the sun, which they worship. They are a very dirty and lazy set of people. The D&aelig;dalus, that conveys this, takes also our worthy Major Grose and family to Europe, and we expect Governor Hunter soon. My commanding officer, prior to his departure, was pleased to give me a grant of twenty-five acres of good rich land for ever, so that in a short time I hope to be a respectable farmer, having besides with me a hut of three comfortable rooms, a good garden of half an acre of land, where I have every production of this place in profusion. My live stock at present are two pigs, twelve fowls, three pigeons, a dog and a cat, which with my station, stock, garden, and farm, give sufficient employ. We thought this might put a stop to any further proceedings, but in this we were much mistaken. About two nights after they made an attempt to break out. They began by strangling the man who discovered the plot; while the rest were to force down the bulkhead, force their way upon deck, put those not in the plot to death, and take possession of the ship, or die in the attempt. The captain and officers did all in their power to appease them by fair words, and also by threats, but all would not do; they were desperate. Captain Hogan rushed down the fore hatchway, followed by Mr. Richardson and three more of the officers and myself, armed with a pair of pistols and cutlass each, where began a scene which was not by any means pleasant. We stuck together in the hatchway, and discharged our pistols amongst them that were most desperate, who, seeing their comrades drop in several places, soon felt a damp upon their spirits; their courage failed them, and they called out for quarter. I broke my cutlass in the affray, but met with no accident myself. There were none killed upon the spot, but seven have since died of their wounds. The Serjeant was severely punished, and is since dead. The following fact is a striking instance of the want of enterprise and activity. A few days after the first arrival of the colony (now eight years since) a bull and six cows strayed from their keeper into the woods. A fear of venturing far amongst the natives, then somewhat hostile, repressed all attempts to regain them; indolence succeeded these fears, and no search was ever instituted. Some time since, an officer's servant, shooting in the woods, between twenty and thirty miles from Sydney, discovered them, and conducted the Governor and a party of his friends to the spot, where they found a heard consisting of nearly sixty head of remarkably fine cattle. The bull attacked the party, who, with some difficulty, escaped unhurt. That a neighbourhood of thirty miles by land, presenting no unusual obstacles to an adventurer, should, in the almost starving state of the colony, have remained unexplored for so long a period, is not to be accounted for otherwise than by the apathy or despondency of the settlers. Muir, Skirving, Margarot, and Gerald are there, and treated with every possible indulgence; their conduct had been exemplary. Of Palmer, as much cannot be said. Gerald was very ill. Each of these had grants of land, and were allowed convicts to clear their ground. The accounts from Norfolk Island do not represent that place in so favourable a light.