It was thought that, now the beneficial results of Farrer's work have been well established and recognised, the time is opportune to record the inception and progress of a work that has been of such enormous advantage, not only to New South Wales, but to the other Australian States. Before Farrer commenced his life-work, New South Wales wheat was of a very inferior quality, and in some years, owing to drought or rust, we were actually under the necessity of importing grain for local gristing. In those days (as the Hon. Sydney Smith recently reminded me) it was common for Government departments inviting tenders for the supply of flour to Government institutions to stipulate "best Adelaide", thereby expressly excluding the New South Wales product. I recall, too, that in the course of an address to a gathering of farmers at Wagga Experiment Farm late in the nineties, Dr. Cobb mentioned that tenders for flour contracts had lately been invited by the French Government at New Caledonia, with the condition that the gluten-content should not be less than 9 per cent., which was 1 per cent. more than the gluten-content of the best wheat harvested in New South Wales at that time. Among those present that day with Dr. Cobb was Mr. Farrer, then just appointed Wheat Experimentalist to the Department. To-day the gluten-content of our f.a.q. wheat runs as high as 12.9 per cent. gluten in a very dry year, and rarely falls below 10 per cent. The credit for such a change is undoubtedly due to the late Mr. Farrer and to his successors in the plant-breeding work of the Department. Mr. Farrer's self-imposed task of improving the flour-strength of our wheats and producing rust-resisting and drought-resisting varieties has greatly influenced both quality and yield in this, his adopted land, and has materially affected wheat production in almost every other country. The introduction into general cultivation of Farrer's first creations in 1901-1903 opened the eyes, not only of Australian farmers, but of the world's wheat-buyers, to the possibilities of Australia as a great wheat-producing country. It was discovered that we could produce wheats suitable to the various climates in Australia wheats that could resist diseases like rust, bunt, and smut; wheats that could resist dry conditions; wheats that were suitable to the moist coastal districts and also to the semi-arid country previously regarded as quite unsuitable for wheat production. In addition, it was discovered that we were able to produce in Australia wheats that could compete in the world's markets with the best-Canadian, American, and Indian wheats, a thing hitherto undreamt of. That is the position in which Farrer's labours have left us to-day. The present compilation of notes on his work forms a small tribute of appreciation from the Department upon which his memory and his work reflect such distinction. His father was a country gentleman, living near Kendal, in Westmoreland, where he himself was born, and his family had been landowners in the district for several generations, belonging to a class known in Westmoreland and Cumberland as "statesmen." Farrer was educated at Christ's Hospital (the "Bluecoat School"), and before leaving was one of the "Grecians", a name given to the boys in the highest form, and had distinguished himself by gaining a gold and a silver medal for mathematics. After leaving the Bluecoat School he entered Pembroke College, Cambridge, where he graduated in 1868, obtaining a place among the Wranglers in the Mathematical Tripos of that year. It was originally intended that he should have been called to the bar, but his own tastes did not lie in that direction, and he determined to study for medicine, remaining about a year longer at Cambridge with this object. This idea her was obliged shortly to abandon, on account of ill-health, and it was owing to lung trouble that he sailed for Australia about 1870. His intention had been to purchase a sheep station in New South Wales, and in order to gain colonial experience he first went as tutor to the family of the late George Campbell, of Duntroon Station, near Queanbeyan. About this time, however, loss of money in mining speculations caused him to abandon the idea of station life, and to become a surveyor. In July, 1875, he passed his examination for licensed surveyor, being placed third out of twenty-two candidates. Immediately after being licensed he was employed by the Lands Department on contract surveys in the Dubbo district, until 1878, when he paid a short visit to England. On his return (July, 1879) he was again employed by the Lands Department in the Dubbo district, and on the survey of the travelling stock route from Nyngan to Cobar, until 1885, when he carried out surveys in the Cooma district. In July, 1886, he voluntarily resigned his connection with the Lands Department, and settled down at his home at Lambrigg, near Queanbeyan. He had married (September, 1882) the daughter of the late Leopold Fane de Salis, of Cuppacumbalong Station, and a prominent member of the State Legislature. It was now that he occupied his leisure in the pursuit of the hobby which engrossed the remainder of his life. In September, 1898, his services were engaged by Mr. Sydney Smith, then Minister for Mines and Agriculture, as Wheat Experimentalist, and he continued an active officer of the Department until the day of his death. The reasons which induced Farrer to accept this position were the opportunities of extending his experiments under different conditions as to soil and climate which were afforded him by the various Experiment Farms, and the facilities for growing on a larger scale established varieties for distribution. Of his personal character, it is difficult for anyone who knew him at all intimately to speak without danger of being accused of partisanship. Of a highly sensitive disposition, he was by nature extremely reserved and reticent towards comparative strangers. His health, which was always somewhat delicate, accentuated this characteristic, and the fact that he had to be particularly careful in the matter of food and surroundings caused him to be always somewhat chary about accepting hospitality. Those who knew him intimately will always preserve the memory of one of the most high-minded, generous, and unassuming of men. Widely-read and of broad culture and sympathies, his conversation was always suggestive and invigorating, and it can be quite truly said of him that no one could enjoy an intimate conversation with him without feeling a better man. His nature was generous and sympathetic in the extreme, and none, I am sure, ever applied to him for a favour which it was in his power to bestow without its being granted, or ever related a story of suffering without enlisting his active sympathy. He was a fluent and ready writer, and a master of English prose, so that his letters and published writings were always delightful reading; and even his official minutes possessed some literary flavour. Simple and frugal in his personal habits, he was equally direct and straightforward in his habit of thought, and was incapable of anything like self-seeking. It was his earnest desire to benefit humanity that induced him to devote the leisure period of his life to the task of the improvement of wheat, and to put himself once more into official harness at a comparatively advanced age, in the hope of an extended field of activity and usefulness. It was this knowledge of the usefulness of the work he was doing that kept his enthusiasm undiminished to the end. He loved his work. He left it reluctantly at night, and looked forward eagerly to the morning that he might resume it. Possessed by this untiring enthusiasm, he threw himself into his work with an energy that was quite remarkable. In the pursuit of the matter which he had in hand no labour was too exacting, no detail too insignificant. The work carried out by him on his private experiment station at Lambrigg was in itself sufficiently arduous. In addition to this, when he joined the Department of Agriculture, he supervised personally all the work done at the different farms under his direction, a task which involved the paying of periodical visits to distant parts of the State. Both the work itself, and the actual travelling, were often done under conditions sufficiently trying to have tested the endurance of a much younger and more robust man. Though he did not live long enough to see all his ambitions realised, he lived, nevertheless, sufficiently long to enjoy the satisfaction of public and private appreciation of his work, both here and abroad. He was in correspondence with all the English and American institutions interested in the wheat question, and he exchanged new varieties with everyone, here and abroad, who possessed facilities for giving them a trial. A few years before his death Mr. Moreland, Director of Agriculture for the North-west Provinces of India, paid a visit to Australia, under instructions from his Government, to study at first hand the methods adopted by Fairer, with a view of instituting research on similar lines in India. The problem which he set himself was the systematic improvement of wheat by cross-breeding and selection, particularly in the direction of producing types which should resist our two principal scourges, ruse and drought, and in the maintenance of a high milling standard, more especially in the production of strong-flour wheats. By paying particular attention to this last point, Farrer not only succeeded in maintaining a high milling standard in his crossbred wheats, but produced varieties of much greater value to the miller than any that were previously in cultivation. In the matter of rust and drought-resisting varieties, his success was equally pronounced, though the establishment of a variety with such characters possesses less finality than does that of varieties of milling excellence and drought resistance. New varieties require a certain time to adapt themselves to different conditions, and many that resist rust quite successfully in one district may succumb to it in others. Then again, some rust-resistant varieties may possess qualities which render them unsuited to certain districts. Undoubtedly it is due to the capacity of varieties that he produced to resist dry conditions that wheat-growing has become profitable in western districts where formerly it was commercially unthinkable. The result of Farrer's life-work is that we are now in the possession of certain strains of wheat which surpass those previously in general cultivation in certain characteristics which are of supreme importance to our conditions. As these conditions prevail not only with us, but also in many other parts of the world, and as Farrer's crossbreds possess in addition the essential characteristics of being first-class milling wheats, it will be seen that his work is not merely of local but of world-wide significance. Moreover, he advanced the improvement of wheat by cross-breeding and selection in a manner that is of great assistance to present-day plant breeders, and has already led to the cultivation of wheat in regions previously considered unsuited for it, either on account of low rainfall or liability to rust. Thus an enormous additional area has been and will be made available for wheat-growing, and the time when, according to some writers, all the available wheat-lands of the world are occupied will be yet further postponed. It behoves us as a community to see to it that the good work begun by Farrer shall be continued in the spirit with which he conducted it. It is given to few to realise the fulfilment of their life's endeavours, and the highest achievements of humanity are the result of the concerted efforts of generations of workers imbued with the same idea. The torch once kindled is passed on from hand to hand, revealing to each successive bearer new wonders in the surrounding darkness. The community can do no more than encourage those engaged in such work of love; the individual must provide the labour, and reap the disappointments and the rewards. It is not too much to hope that amongst us there may be one or more imbued with Farrer's enthusiasm, his singleness of purpose, his patience and painstaking perseverance, so that the next generation may be in possession of improved varieties of wheat, of which we at present have no proper conception. At the time of his death and as a result of his labours, Australia, if it did not actually lead the world in the production of improved varieties, stood well in the front rank. Let it be our care that it does not drop back into a more obscure position. Farrer was in constant touch with the scientific officers of the Department from 1890, or even earlier. The actual work of cross-breeding and selection was carried out on his own plots at Lambrigg, Queanbeyan, which comprised under three acres, one and a half acres being available each year. It is a matter on which we are entitled to congratulate ourselves that those who were at the time in charge of the Department were possessed of sufficient intelligent foresight to realise the value to the State of the services of such an investigator. In 1898 he was offered and accepted the position of "Wheat Experimentalist". The Minister for Agriculture of the day was the Hon. Sydney Smith, the Under-Secretary Mr. D.C. Maclachlan, and the Director Mr. W.S. Campbell. As will be seen below, the original recommendation to the Public Service Board was made by the Hon. Sydney Smith. The minute to the Governor and Executive recommending the appointment was signed by Mr. Smith's immediate successor, the Hon. Sir Joseph Cook. To these gentlemen the State undoubtedly owes a debt of gratitude, for the appointment enabled Farrer to extend his operations considerably, and placed at his disposal the resources of the Government Farms and Colleges at Wagga, Hawkesbury, Bathurst, and later Cowra. The salary attached to the position was the modest one of &pound;350 per annum. I mention the sum particularly because a great deal of unconsidered criticism has been levelled at the authorities for the inadequate salary offered to Farrer as Wheat Experimentalist. The remuneration was undoubtedly a very small one in view of the enormous commercial value of his achievements. It is no exaggeration to say that in the twenty years which have followed the general introduction of Farrer's wheats, millions of pounds have been saved to the farmers. At the same time it must not be forgotten that, at the time of the appointment in 1896, very little was known of his work outside wheat-breeders and a few of the Departmental officers, none of his crosses were in the hands of farmers, and no one knew anything about their possibilities as farmers' and millers' wheats except Farrer himself. Only those few who were at all intimate with Farrer had complete confidence in his being capable of effecting the improvements which he aimed at. It was because the Minister, Under-Secretary, and Director of the day were fully alive to the benefits to be derived from the closer co-operation of Farrer with the Department that the appointment was offered to him. It must also be remembered that the salary was about the same as that then paid the Botanist and Entomologist of the Department, and further that Farrer was a gentleman of independent means, living on his own farm, and quite capable of incurring (as he had done for ten years) any expenses involved in his experimental work. Farrer himself was perfectly satisfied with the financial part of the arrangement, and was fully alive to the enormous assistance he would derive in carrying on his work by becoming a Departmental officer. It meant that he could test out his creations on different farms representative of the varying climatic conditions prevailing in the State, and so produce strains suitable to different districts instead of confining himself to his own district where very little wheat was grown. It meant that he could avail himself of large areas at the various farms on which to grow his fixed strains in quantities sufficient for distribution in a very much shorter time than he could possibly have done otherwise. For example, the first wheat, Bobs (the cross of which was made the year he joined the Department) was in cultivation by farmers on a large scale four or five years later. The same applies to Comeback and Federation. All these wheats, as the names of two of them would suggest, were named and distributed between 1900 and 1902. There were, also, assistants at the different farms working under his instructions, so that he was able to carry out experiments in many other directions beside cross-breeding. Farrer's individuality was never sacrificed by this appointment. He was able to carry out his work in his own way and without interference, and was free from the handicap of routine-work which hampers most other scientific workers in the Government service. The appointment was one of mutual benefit to Farrer himself, to the Department, and to the farming community in whose interests both were working. It may be of interest to quote in this place the Minister's original minute to the Public Service Board recommending Farrer's appointment. This minute indicates the lines of the general policy which the Department had in view in making the appointment:&mdash; For the first four or five years of his work very few people, beyond those with whom he was in correspondence, knew anything of its progress. From the commencement he was in touch with wheat-breeders in all parts of the world, and to the end he was in constant communication with breeders, growers, experiment stations, and others interested in the subject, exchanging new varieties for experimental purposes, and, what is of greater importance, interchanging ideas with others at work on similar lines. Amongst those with whom he was thus associated in the earlier days were Dr. Bancroft, of Queensland, and Professors Blount and Carleton, of America. As his first efforts were directed towards the problem of rust-resistance he received much help from the co-operation of such authorities on rust as Professor Erikssen, of Sweden, and Messrs. Me Alpine and Cobb, of Australia. In 1890 an opportunity was afforded him of bringing his work and aims more directly under the notice of the Australian Agricultural Departments, and of obtaining official recognition of his labours. In that year, owing to the enormous damage suffered by the principal wheat-growing States through the ravages of rust (calculated to have been over &pound;2,500,000 sterling), the Victorian Minister for Agriculture convened a Rust-in-Wheat Conference, which was attended by officers of the Agricultural Departments and others interested in wheat-growing. Similar conferences met subsequently in Sydney, Adelaide, Brisbane, and again in Melbourne, till 1896, when they were discontinued. To all these conferences Farrer was a regular contributor, addressing letters or reading papers of an extremely interesting and inspiring character. In a letter addressed to the first of these conferences, he states that he has "given practical attention to the subject of rust in wheat for four years" (that is since 1886), and that he first started with seed obtained from Professor Blount, who had created a large number of new crosses in Colorado. He commenced, as we have seen, experimental work on his farm at Lambrigg in 1886. His first attempts at cross-breeding were made in 1889. Of these first crosses only one was successful, and this proved subsequently to be useless. The area of the plots at Lambrigg, Queanbeyan, on which these investigations were carried out was under three acres, of which the two halves were made use of in alternate years. A fairly detailed account of his methods of work was given by him in his report to the Fourth Rust-in-Wheat Conference, 1894. The first variety which he improved by selection was one of Blount's creations. To this improved wheat he gave the name of Blount's Lambrigg, a variety which he used freely in crossing. Though the original Blount's Lambrigg was never extensively cultivated, some of the varieties of which it was one of the parents have established themselves in popular favour. Wheats such as Bobs, Bunyip, Cleveland, and Firbank, all contain Blount's Lambrigg blood. His first few years of investigation showed him that rust-resistance was a variable quality, and could be increased by breeding. He now directed his attention more particularly to increasing the gluten-content of his wheats, which characteristic was at that time generally regarded as the factor upon which depended the "strength" or baking quality of a flour. In 1891 he wrote to the Department of Agriculture, New South Wales, asking for their assistance in examining the different wheats for their gluten-content, with the view of selecting such varieties as were richest in gluten for parents in cross-breeding. There was, however, unfortunately no means available for testing the milling quality of such small parcels (not more than a few ounces) of newly fixed cross-breeds. It was obviously quite impossible for a mill of any capacity to deal with such samples, and the millers were naturally reluctant to stop the operation of their mills in order to grind even larger parcels of new varieties of which they had no previous experience, and whose treatment would probably involve considerable alteration in their existing methods and even additions to the machinery. At the time of the Rust-in-Wheat Conference the millers preferred therefore to deal with the type of grain then in general cultivation (soft white wheats of the Purple Straw or Steinwedel type), with whose behaviour in the mill they were familiar, and they were in no position to offer encouragement to the production of the harder, strong-flour varieties which it was Farrer's object to breed. As this type was exactly the one which offered the greatest resistance to rust, the efforts of the Rust-in-Wheat Conference were largely abortive, and the last conference (Melbourne, 1896) had to satisfy itself, in the final report, with classifying the wheats then in general cultivation as "rust-resistant" and "rust-escaping". A list of the varieties then recommended is of interest at the present day, since it will be seen that twenty-five years later hardly one of them is grown to any extent, at least in New South Wales. Probably Marshall's No. 3 is the only one that has retained its popularity, Farrer's wheats or their descendants and selections having replaced the others. It became, therefore a matter of the first importance to devise a means of obtaining reliable information concerning the milling quality of the small samples of wheat (often not more than a few ounces) which often constituted the entire harvest of Farrer's new wheats after two or three seasons. I was fortunate enough to obtain a couple of small rolls, such as were used for grinding small quantities of whole meal, and to succeed, with the cordial help of Mr. R.W. Harris, head miller, Gillespie Bros., Sydney, in devising a method whereby the operations of a large mill could be fairly well imitated. Although with this machine we could not hope to obtain a flour of the high-class texture and bloom of millers' flour, we were, nevertheless, able to determine with some degree of accuracy the important points of flour strength, gluten-content, and colour of the flour, as well as the proportion of bran, pollard, and flour obtainable, to bake the flour into loaves and to compare new varieties in these respects. This information was exactly what was needed by Farrer to enable him to determine which of his new creations were worth proceeding with, and which of them were valueless. It was therefore possible for him to reject scores of varieties without being obliged to continue breeding them for years until he had obtained, for general distribution, sufficient seed of strains concerning whose milling quality he and everybody else would have been quite ignorant. Since that time these toy mills have been improved both here and abroad, and mill-products can now be obtained practically identical with the produce of the large mills. This assistance enabled Farrer to aim consistently at his objective of producing only varieties of high milling quality. The field characteristics, such as rust-resistance, suitability to dry conditions, earliness or lateness, quality of straw, and capacity for holding the grain, &amp;c., he could, of course, study during the plant's growth. In the final report of the Rust-in-Wheat Conference, already quoted, the attitude of the millers in this connection was discussed, and the following passage gives the view arrived at by the Conference on this point:&mdash; "A prominent obstacle this Conference has met with has arisen from the objection of millers to use resistant wheats, and the adoption of such varieties has for that reason been retarded. . . . The opinion this Conference has long held is that the opposition of millers to such wheats has no legitimate foundation, but arises either from misconception or from conservatism. For the reason given above [in this report] this opinion has become a conviction, and this conviction the Conference wishes to make public in this report with emphasis and without reservation." A factor which more than any other caused the millers to modify and finally overcome their opposition to the harder wheats was the necessity they were under in 1896 to import wheats in order to provide flour for home consumption. This was necessitated by the shortage of locally produced grain that season. The wheats they imported were for the most part from Duluth (Minnesota), and were exactly of the type (Fife wheats), which Farrer had so successfully employed in his cross-breeding work. They had therefore, perforce, to accustom themselves and their machinery to deal with hard strong-flour wheats of the type which they had previously rejected, and as these wheats were recognised as being amongst those most favoured by American and English millers, our own millers were quick to realise the fact that Farrer's new wheats not only gave better farmers' crops (being rust and bunt resistant, drought resistant, and equally prolific or even better yielders than the old varieties), but were in all cases superior milling wheats. A few notes on some of the first varieties produced by Farrer may be of interest. Yandilla was a cross between Improved Fife and Etawah (an Indian wheat). This variety is important by reason of its having been the parent of two of our most extensively cultivated wheats Federation (a Farrer wheat), and Yandilla King (produced by Mr. R. Marshall, of South Australia). This has been for many years one of the most popular varieties in all the principal wheat-growing States, and has quite ousted the old Purple Straw type on account of its equal if not superior prolificness and its higher milling value. It is a good stooler, and produces the maximum amount of grain for the minimum amount of straw. Like Purple Straw, it is, however, rather rust and smut liable. Yandilla King, which has been mentioned above as a creation of Mr. R. Marshall, of South Australia, is a half-sister of Federation, having the pedigree Silver King is a strain of Marshall's No. 3. It is an early maturing wheat, cultivated both for grain and straw. Slightly rust-resistant, and not very susceptible to bunt. It is a mid-season variety, highly bunt and rust resistant, It is the strongest red wheat up to date and the best milling variety. Marquis, a Canadian bred wheat that is considered to be amongst the very best for Canada and the United States has a pedigree similar to that of Cedar, being a cross between Red Fife and Calcutta Hard Red (an Indian wheat). Other Fife-Indian crosses include Jonathan and Bomen, and there are a large number of crosses between Fife wheats and soft wheats of the Purple Straw type amongst which the most popular are Rymer, Bunyip (a cross between Rymer and Maffra), Florence and Genoa, whilst Warren, Cleveland, Thew and Firbank contain Blount's blood in addition. Amongst the most successful hybrids in addition to Bobs may be mentioned Canberra, a cross between Federation and Volga Barley, a two-row sort obtained as an impurity in a sample of wheat received from Russia. The following list includes practically the principal wheats produced by Farrer which have been in cultivation:&mdash; Several of these are crosses made originally by Farrer, but which were unfixed at the time of his death. They have since been fixed and improved by selection and cultivated in the field plots for distribution. Some of them, such as Bomen, and Clarendon, have only become available to farmers during the last few years and have only been named quite recently. It would occupy too much space to enumerate the characteristic features of the numerous wheats produced by Farrer, but they each possess or were bred for distinct characteristics which make them valuable for the different conditions prevailing in Australia. Some of them, such as Bunyip, Florence, and Firbank, are very early maturing varieties. Canberra, early; Jonathan, Warren, and Bomen, mid-season; Cleveland, Rymer, Genoa, late. Jonathan is a rust-resistant wheat and was created for its suitability to the cool, moist districts. Cleveland, Florence, and Genoa are also rust-resistant. Florence was bred specially for smut-resistance. Firbank is highly drought-resistant and is an excellent hay wheat. Cedar and Genoa are resistant to bunt. Most of them are grown for both grain and hay, though one or two, such as Firbank, are particularly good for hay and green fodder, whilst others, such as Bunyip and Canberra, do not produce much hay and are grown for grain only. Nearly all of them belong to the "soft white" class, the exceptions being Bobs and Comeback, which are "hard, white wheats" whilst Cleveland, Florence, Genoa, John Brown, Jonathan, Sussex, Tarragon, Nutcut, and Warren are "medium hard" and Cedar hard red. With such diversity of type it is difficult to say with any definiteness which are the most popular varieties, but without doubt Federation wheat is more generally grown in New South Wales, the original type giving way gradually in some localities to the Hard Federation strain. Federation was first made available to farmers in 1902. It became popular immediately. By 1909 one-quarter of the area under wheat in Victoria (into which State it had been introduced in 1904) was under Federation, which yielded 3 to 4 bushels per acre more than other varieties. The Victorian Director of Agriculture, Dr. Cherry, estimated the increased value of the harvest of 1909-10, due to this wheat, as &pound;250,000, or 1,000,000 bushels. Though a good milling wheat it is not a hard wheat, and does not produce strong flour, but the strain known as Hard Federation is a distinctly strong flour grain. Of the wheats specially created for strength of flour Bobs was the first to be distributed. The original cross was made in 1896, and the type fixed and named four or five years later. Mr. A.E. Humphries, past president of the National Association of British and Irish Millers, reported of this wheat that its flour was the best Australian flour he had ever handled, and compared favorably with Manitoba flour. Comeback is a superior milling wheat to Bobs, and such a local milling authority as Mr. Kahlbaum, manager of the Adelaide Milling Company, has stated that its flour is better than the best imported Manitoba. The best of all Farrer's creations in regard to milling excellence is undoubtedly Cedar. This is a hard berry of the same type as the celebrated Marquis. It is an equally good milling wheat, and more suitable to local conditions. At the time when the Royal Agricultural Society of New South Wales awarded annually a championship prize for the best sample of wheat exhibited, judged on its milling and general commercial value, this prize was, after 1908, always awarded to a Farrer wheat, and after 1912 invariably to Cedar. From 1908 to 1910 Bobs was the champion wheat, in 1911 Comeback, and from 1912 to 1915 Cedar. After 1915 this prize was eliminated from the schedule. In the same way it has become necessary this year (1922) to make a special class for the Farrer wheat, Florence, because since 1916 it has taken the first prize in the medium strong flour class every year, and in most years the second prize as well. It is interesting to note that although Mendel's law (now largely the basis on which plant-breeders work) was unknown to Farrer until shortly before his death, he nevertheless recognised the possibility of combining different characteristics in the parents and segregating those particular ones he desired to perpetuate. The following passage, which is taken from Farrer's report to the Fourth Rust-in-Wheat Conference, 1896, indicates the general lines on which he proceeded:&mdash; Professor R.D. Watt, Professor, of Agriculture, Sydney University, to whom this excerpt was submitted, comments as follows:&mdash; It does not appear that Farrer was conversant with Mendel's work until about 1905, when it was too late for him to work on Mendelian lines. A few extracts from correspondence he carried on in 1905 with Professor R.H. Biffen, of Cambridge, will throw some light on Farrer's views on the subject. Writing under date 8th March, 1905, he says:&mdash; In a subsequent letter dated 14th April, 1905, he remarks:&mdash; In connection with the above quotation from Farrer as to the use of unfixed cross-breds as parents, the following remarks by Mr. J.P. Shelton, holder of the Farrer Scholarship, who has recently returned from England and America, and has had the opportunity of studying, especially at Cambridge, with Professor Biffen, the present developments of wheat-breeding, are of special interest:&mdash; The following interesting notes on the general cultivation of Farrer wheats, and especially their suitability for the varying climatic conditions prevailing in different parts of the State, are kindly supplied by Mr. A.H.E. McDonald, Chief Inspector, Department of Agriculture, who has a very intimate knowledge of the districts in which wheat is grown:&mdash; Some notes under this heading are kindly supplied by Mr. G.W. Walker, of Lindley Walker Co-operative Grain Co., Ltd., Sydney:&mdash; The following notes on the history and present position of the Farrer Memorial Trust are presented by Mr. F.H. Harvey, hon. sec. to the Trust:&mdash; On Mr. Farrer's death the need was recognised for perpetuating his memory in some suitable form associated with his life-work. As a result of a public meeting a subscription list was opened and funds were raised amounting to &pound;1,030. On 16th October, 1911, the money was vested in five trustees, three of whom, Messrs. G.W. Walker, Henry Lord, and F.B. Guthrie, represented the subscribers, and the remaining two, the Under-Secretary for Agriculture, and the Principal, Hawkesbury Agricultural College, represented the Government. The functions of the trustees were then laid down as follows:&mdash; The amount originally subscribed for the Farrer Memorial Fund has been invested in interest-bearing securities, and, with the addition of an annual grant received from the Government, the amount held on 31st December, 1921, after meeting all obligations as to scholarships, &amp;c., amounted to about &pound;2,000. The trustees have applied the revenue from the fund towards carrying out the original objects for which the subscriptions were raised. The first Farrer Memorial Scholar was Mr. W.L. Waterhouse, B.Sc. (Agr.), who held the scholarship in 1912-13, and undertook valuable research work at Sydney University into the effects of superphosphate on our wheat-yields.* The scholarship was not awarded in 1914, but in 1915 it was offered to Mr. W.R. Birks, B.Sc., of the New South Wales Department of Agriculture. Mr. Birks, however, elected to join the A.I.F. for active service abroad, and was thus not able to avail himself of the scholarship. During the war no award was made, but the Farrer Research Scholarship for 1919 was awarded to Mr. J.P. Shelton, scientific cadet in the Department of Agriculture, for two years' research work at Cambridge and an American University, with further extension of the scholarship if necessary. It is of interest to note that Mr. Shelton held the first Government Farrer Scholarship at Hawkesbury Agricultural College. In the year in which he secured his diploma he was dux of the college. He then secured a scientific cadetship in the Department of Agriculture, and in due course obtained his degree of B.Sc. (Agr.) Mr. Shelton returned from America in 1921, and is now employed in plant-breeding work in the Department, so that the utmost value is being obtained from his research work abroad. No further award of the scholarship was made, but the trustees propose inviting applications for another research scholar at an early date. A short statement by Mr. J.P. Shelton, B.Sc. (Agri.), Farrer Research Scholar, gives a brief and interesting review of his scientific investigations and experiences in England and the United States:&mdash; It will be seen from the foregoing that Farrer, in the particular line which he chose for himself, was a pioneer who is entitled to our gratitude to as great an extent as those pioneers of our other primary industries who have put wool-production, cattle and horse breeding, dairying, meat exportation, wine-production, and other national industries on a firm basis, possessing possibilities of unlimited expansion in the future. He never obtained, nor did he ever seek, the slightest monetary advantage from his labours. The fruit of his brain was given freely and generously to all. The single object which actuated him during the twenty years he devoted himself to this work was the benefiting of the wheat-grower. With this object he set himself the task of creating improved varieties which should ensure a certain and profitable return, varieties whose cultivation would extend the area at present under crop, and which should be distinguished by their increased commercial value. He was successful beyond expectations in all these directions. Previous wheat-breeders had succeeded in producing a few varieties of outstanding excellence in some particular characteristic. Farrer produced scores of varieties of the most varied characteristics, from which the wheat-grower could select with confidence one or more pre-eminently suited to his climatic conditions, or to the objects for which he grew them. This success was rendered possible by the peculiar equipment of Farrer's genius, his scientifically methodical brain, his untiring energy, his minute and conscientious attention to detail, and above all his unselfish singleness of purpose and the lofty ideals which he set before himself. It would be a thousand pities if we allowed the memory of this great Australian to perish for want of proper recognition. Is it true that his monument is set up in nearly every ripening field of wheat in this and the other States, but it must be anticipated that though Farrer wheats are now at the height of their popularity they will no doubt be replaced in general favour by varieties which will be produced in the future, largely as the result of his own labours. The idea of commemorating Farrer's work and continuing it along the lines of which he was the pioneer was in the minds of those who first instituted the Farrer Memorial Fund. The response was rather disappointing, and it has only been by the exercise of the greatest economy that the trustees have been able to do what they have done without encroaching on the capital of the fund. It is too much to hope that there exists a sufficiently high appreciation of Farrer's work, a sufficient sense of gratitude for his achievement, to bring about an increase to the fund, so that instead of its being only possible to assist in the training of one or two Farrer scholars in the course of several years, the trustees may be in a position to award the scholarship annually and to have more than one Farrer scholar completing his training at the same time? Subscribers may be confident that the fund will always be utilised in furthering the ideals which inspired Farrer, and in a manner which would have been approved of by him were he alive. I should like to thank (in addition to those who have contributed to the foregoing and whose names appear in it) Mr. J.T. Pridham, Farrer's successor, and Mr. G.W. Norris, who was at one time Farrer's assistant, for their friendly help. Articles dealing with Farrer and his work:&mdash;