THE only claim the author can make on behalf of the book that follows these preliminary remarks is that he has done his best to present to other Australians&mdash;and to people who don't quite so much count&mdash;something of the story of a countryside he loves and believes in, and of that most important factor in its development, the steam-driven shipping that has served it so well for more than a century under the ownership of several corporations that are now embodied in the Newcastle and Hunter River Steamship Company, Limited. Looking over the MS. that lies piled up on his desk, he is conscious of one or two omissions that he can hardly justify&mdash;he has, for instance, only referred to the very earliest days of coal-mining in the Newcastle district. He can only plead that there hasn't been room for everything, and hopes that what he has written about may have some interest for the general reader. In his story of the Hunter Valley the author has hardly anywhere come further into modern times than the middle of the Nineteenth Century, and can only excuse himself for this by expressing a belief that less familiar news of an earlier day is of more interest than a description of what happened last week. ALTHOUGH Lieutenant John Shortland, R.N., is always credited with the discovery of the Hunter River, at the beginning of September in the year 1797, nearly a decade after the establishment of British settlement in New South Wales, the fact of his going there at all is really due to the enterprise of a party of convicts who are now only nameless and forgotten men with no place at all in Australia's story. Governor Hunter's version of the incident is given in a dispatch to the Duke of Portland, the Colonial Secretary, dated January 10, 1798. The boat sent to the northward was in charge of Lieutenant John Shortland, R.N., and as several of his family are connected with the story of early Australia, some biographical details relating to the discoverer of the Hunter may not be out of place. He was a son of the Lieutenant John Shortland who came out with Phillip as Naval Agent in the First Fleet. Born in 1769, he joined the navy in 1781, becoming a lieutenant in 1792, commander in 1800, and post-captain in 1805. A quaint exploit of Shortland's in Egypt is worth mentioning as typical of his cheery temperament. While lying off Alexandria in 1803 he landed a party, with whose assistance he flew a kite over Pompey's Pillar, hauled over it a rope and then a rope ladder, and climbed 160 feet to the top to drink the King's health. A few days later he repeated the performance, ate a beefsteak there, and fixed a weather vane on top of the obelisk. Hunter remained in New South Wales as Governor until the last quarter of the year 1800, but does not seem to have himself visited the scene of Shortland's discovery, although, of course, he was officially associated with the first export of coal from the river in 1799. Several Sydney merchants&mdash;Underwood, Lord and Palmer&mdash;investigated the "Coal River," as it was generally referred to, and sent small vessels there not long after Shortland's discovery of it, but it was not until the beginning of 1800 that a regular shipping trade was established, mainly in red cedar. This valuable timber flourished in various places along the lower river&mdash;for years it was known as the "Cedar Arm"&mdash;assigned convicts being employed in cutting the cedar and rafting it down to the river mouth. When Captain Philip Gidley King assumed the government of New South Wales in 1800, he had very definite ideas as to the importance of fostering a coal industry, but hoped to find workable seams closer to Sydney than at the Hunter River. For some time he had an expert miner named Platt investigating the country near the mouth of George's River at the back of Botany Bay, and afterwards the strata at Coal Cliff in Illawarra. As no very satisfactory results were the outcome of Platt's prospecting activities, King decided on a thorough test of the possibilities of the Hunter. They spent a little time at the entrance to Lake Macquarie (Reid's Mistake), arriving off the mouth of the Hunter early on the morning of Sunday, June 14. During the forenoon Lieutenant Grant and Dr. Harris put off in a boat to examine the entrance to the river, and on their return to the brig Colonel Paterson named the rock in the opening, now known as Nobby's, the "Coal Island." The two vessels were brought abreast of the island and anchored for the night. Next morning at daybreak they were towed by their boats into the river, and moored off the north shore in three fathoms of water. On the 16th, Paterson and Grant took Platt, the miner, ashore to examine the coal measures in the cliff and on the beach. They found a seam 22 inches thick high up in the cliff face, and at the foot of the hill and on the reef other strata of varying dimensions. On the following day Platt landed a gang of men to dig out the coal and load it into the schooner, which had collected a full cargo of 24 tons by the 26th, when she sailed to Sydney, arriving there on the following day. It was a queer little community, and was not a great success. Wixstead was a good fellow, and did his best, but was quite unsuited for the job. His military subordinates resented his appointment as a sort of minor governor, and eventually he found his work greatly hampered by their disloyalty. He treated the best of the convicts with consideration, but anonymous letters went to Governor King accusing the corporal of drinking liquor that should have been issued to the soldiers in his charge. So at the end of September, Surgeon Martin Mason was sent up to hold an inquiry into the soldiers' complaints. Wixstead was exonerated, but was censured for slackness in his administration of the outpost. Dr. Mason was put in charge of it, and it is not easy to see why the Governor selected him for the position, as his reputation in the colony was not very good, and he was more or less "in Coventry" with his brother magistrates. In this distant outpost he was a decided failure, and his brutal conduct to the prisoners even provoked a minor mutiny. Eventually he was relieved of his charge and recalled to Sydney, and not long afterwards King decided to abandon the settlement, feeling that it was too far away from the seat of government for proper control. The soldiers and convicts were accordingly brought back to Sydney early in 1802. It was not until March, 1804, that King decided again to establish an outpost at the mouth of the Hunter for the purpose of obtaining coal and cedar. He selected Lieutenant Charles Menzies as Commandant, and named the settlement "Newcastle, in the County of Northumberland." It is not possible here to follow closely the growth and development of the little community from the period of Menzies' command until the date which heads this chapter, but we may glance at it briefly. Lieutenant C. A. F. N. Menzies was an officer of the Royal Marines, and had volunteered his services to Governor King when he heard that the Hunter was to be re-settled. In the official letter accepting them, the name "Newcastle," as applied to the settlement, appears for the first time, and in a dispatch to Lord Hobart dated April 16, 1804, King gives his reasons for the selection of this name. At first everything went very well with the revived settlement, but a murderous plot of mutiny was discovered in June, nipped in the bud, and the ringleaders severely punished. A massacre of the local authorities had been planned, but the scheme was fortunately given away by some of the conspirators before it came to a head. Menzies seized and double-ironed the two leaders, and sent them to Sydney to be dealt with. "Allow me to say," he wrote to King, "that two more determined villains never existed." They did not exist much longer. For nearly 20 years Newcastle was a penal settlement and nothing else&mdash;a place of secondary punishment for convicts who offended again while serving their original sentences. The disciplinary system was harsh and merciless&mdash;no more terrible place of punishment ever existed during the convict era in Australia, than the subsidiary establishment for "incorrigibles" at Limeburners' Bay, on the inner side of the Stockton Peninsula. The Commandants who succeeded Menzies were more or less humane men, and did what they could for their charges, but Major Morrisset, of H.M. 48th Regiment, left behind him a reputation for ferocious harshness that has not yet been forgotten. John Bingle, in reminiscences published when he was a very old man, gives us a glimpse at the Coal River Settlement under Morrisset in 1821. Convict mining was very primitive. There were 27 men in the mining gang in 1820, and it was all task work&mdash;every miner having to cut 2½ tons of coal each day. The coal was carried in barrows to the bottom of the shaft and hauled to the surface by a windlass. The work was very severe, the drives being only 4 feet 6 inches high, and bad health amongst the miners was the usual condition of things. Compared with this work, that of the cedar-cutters was a recreation and diversion. In the earliest days of settlement there was plenty of cedar near the river mouth, but it was soon cut out, and by 1820 the timber gangs were working 70 miles up the river. Trees were selected by the overseers, and then cut down, lopped, and rolled to the river bank, where the logs were made into rafts on which huts were erected to accommodate the prisoners. There were two boats to look after each raft, and when they came close to Newcastle, all the available small craft in the settlement were sent to meet them. It usually took about a week to navigate the raft down to the mouth of the river. The cedar-getting gangs were sometimes up the valley for four or five weeks, and each gang had a military escort of a corporal and three soldiers. The men built bark huts for themselves in the bush, and their daily work, like that of the miners, was tasked&mdash;30 men being supposed to cut 100 logs, from 12 to 16 feet long, in a month. For the first half dozen years of its existence the population of Newcastle did not vary&mdash;there were 128 inhabitants in 1804 and 100 in 1810. The common fry among the prisoners lived in the gaol, but well-conducted men were allowed to erect huts, and it was regarded as a great privilege to possess a dwelling of this sort. Bingle says that the appearance of the huts was always neat and orderly&mdash;whenever instructed to do so by the Commandant, tenants had to whitewash both the outsides and the insides of their residences. The population of the settlement began to grow after 1810&mdash;mainly owing to the increased demand in Sydney for timber and lime. Large numbers of prisoners were sent to the station, and a good deal of new building became necessary. In 1811 the population of the township was 124; in 1815, 272; in 1817, 553; and in 1821, 1169. During the regime of Captain Wallis something of a building boom took place&mdash;the Commandant caused to be erected a church, hospital, stone gaol, accommodation for officers, barracks for the convicts, a guardroom, watch-house, boat-house, and a lumber-yard, or general enclosure for men working at trades. The breakwater joining Nobby's and the mainland was begun in 1812, though almost half a century was to elapse before it was completed. The hospital stood where the present Newcastle Hospital is, and the gaol was on the site of the Tramway depot. The watch-house was situated about where the present police station is, and the lumber-yard site is now occupied by the Custom House. During Governor Macquarie's reign, as might have been expected, a good deal of public work was carried out in the town. A parsonage was built, barracks for a company of soldiers, a military hospital, a couple of windmills, residences for the storekeeper, Chief Constable and Superintendent of Convicts. The original streets were repaired and new ones laid out. The Commandant's House in Watt Street was put into good order, but was burned down soon after Major Morrisset's time. Towards the end of Macquarie's term of office he decided that it was time to abandon Newcastle as a penal station&mdash;partly because it was too close to Sydney, but also for the reason that he considered it desirable to make the Hunter Valley's rich territories available for free settlement. He would reduce the number of prisoners employed at Newcastle to 100, and the others would be sent to Port Macquarie. The year 1823 marks the end of the city's penal-settlement era, when no one was permitted to land at Newcastle, or go away, without official sanction. In August, 1822, Mr. Surveyor Dangar began a survey of the town, with a view towards laying it out in allotments for general settlement. Township allotments were to be held on leases for 21 years, and if in that time the tenant had erected a building worth £1000 he was to be given the freehold of the land. The first inn&mdash;"The Newcastle Hotel"&mdash;was opened in 1823 for the entertainment of "Gentlemen, Settlers and Others," and in 1827, when the population only numbered about 1200, there were 27 public-houses. Between the end of Macquarie's time and a century ago the population of Newcastle did not increase very much&mdash;it was 1169 in 1821 and 1377 in 1841. But its character had changed entirely. The settlement was beginning to take on the aspect of a free civilisation, though there was still a large convict gang engaged in the construction of the breakwater, which was guarded by a considerable garrison. In 1830 Newcastle was still a village, with less than 40 houses in its streets. But in the following year&mdash;the year with which this book is most concerned&mdash;steam navigation was to begin an alteration in the condition of things at the mouth of the Hunter River that was to mark the inauguration of a new era. The story of the Newcastle Packets, which we are coming to presently, is not the least important of many factors that have combined to make the present City of Newcastle one of the principal communities of the Australian Commonwealth. Harris tells a story of his fellow-workers in the forest which gives us a picture of those early Australian lumber-jacks as they really were. He and his partner had lost most of the first fruits of their toil in a flood, which washed away nearly all their cut and dressed planks of cedar. They began all over again. Most of these men would have been time-expired convicts, with a leavening of native-born young Australians like Harris's companion, and a few emigrants of his own class. Rough, hard-working, hard-living fellows they were, these pioneers of the Hunter Valley, toilfully fighting the hardships and vicissitudes of an enterprise that demanded all they had of endurance and resource, of courage and manhood, and gave them nothing of comfort or the elements of luxury. In all weathers they battled through a strenuous existence, living rough and sleeping hard&mdash;strong, muscular men, who worked "from jackass to jackass" and lived lives of manly independence, steadied by unremitting toil. They might well, occasionally, have broken out like this. Harris goes on&mdash; The two young men did well enough out of the Hunter cedar brushes to combine a little trading with their timber-getting. They went shares with another man, during their third year at the work, in a small coasting vessel, and this shipping venture proved extremely profitable, as it might easily have done, judging from the figures Harris gives in his book. He draws a delightful picture of the scene of their last location in the forest, where they spent more than twelve months, for the solitude and loneliness of which they found themselves well rewarded when they retired from the business. They had been guided to this place by one, Jack the Liar. Reading his book, however, a century or so after it was written, one would not easily believe that Alexander Harris was ever an unhappy man when he was in the Australian bush he learned to love so well. THE arcadian picture of life in the tall forests on the hills through which the Williams River winds, peaceful and beautiful, to its juncture with the Hunter, just above Raymond Terrace, presented in the last chapter is startlingly contrasted by that which another contemporary chronicler draws of the brutal and horrible conditions under which the earliest mining was carried on at the Coal River settlement. It was purely a penal settlement, that little village at the mouth of the Hunter that has developed into the great industrial centre of Newcastle&mdash;a place which, despite the many vicissitudes of its adolescent years, is surely destined one day to be the Birmingham of the Commonwealth. As a convict depot it was quite easily able to compare in conditions of infamy and sordidness with anything that has gained unenviable notoriety for similar establishments at Port Arthur, in Van Diemen's Land, or in lovely and lonely little Norfolk Island out eastward in the wide waters of the Tasman Sea. The Commandant at Newcastle at this time was Major James Morrisset, of H.M. 48th Regiment, who afterwards held similar positions at Bathurst and Norfolk Island. Wherever he went, a reputation for mercilessly cruel disciplinary methods went with him, and it is in no way exaggerated by tradition. He is, perhaps, the outstanding personality of Newcastle's penal settlement days&mdash;a man as hard as steel and as unrelenting as Fate. With 70 of his shipmates on this pleasant voyage, Rashleigh was drafted to a pit known as the "Old" coal-mine, to distinguish it from another shaft recently sunk. Its situation is said to have been somewhere about the site of the greens of the Newcastle Bowling Club, not far from the crest of the cliffs south-eastward of the city. His informant was correct. At the first streak of dawn on Sunday the prisoners were paraded in a yard, where a series of triangles had been set up, with a large corps of flagellators in attendance. The presenting of arms by the guard and the roll of a drum announced the arrival of the Commandant, in full uniform. Rashleigh toiled for nine miserable months in the coal mine, receiving some 650 lashes during this period, and finally, being charged with "incorrigible laziness" by the overseer, was given another taste of the cat-o'-nine-tails and sent to work in the limeburners' gang on the northern side of the harbour. Over at Stockton, on the low-lying shores of Limeburners Bay, it is still possible to locate the pits whence the unfortunate prisoners sent to this dreadful place of extra punishment dug the shells that were burned to make lime in the adjacent kilns. It was a terrible hell-in-a-hell, where the mining awards of Major Morrisset's day were paid with interest to the pioneers of the Hunter River coalfields. There can be no doubt that it was by far the most atrocious place of punishment in convict Australia throughout the whole of "The System's" brutal existence. Neither Norfolk Island, Port Arthur, Macquarie Harbour, Moreton Bay or Cockatoo Island ever staged a more impressive display of man's inhumanity to man than this awful place of torture at the mouth of the Hunter. It was "on its own"&mdash;a place so infamously cruel as almost to sicken anyone who contemplates its anguished story to-day. Flogging was perpetual, and the poor, raw-backed victims of the unspeakable penological methods of the day had to load the barges from the settlement with heavy sacks of lime that they carried on their lacerated shoulders through the shallow water to the anchored craft, frequently falling into the salt water, as they staggered out to the barges under their heavy burdens. Raw backs, torn and bleeding from recent lashings, to be treated with lime and salt water in this fashion! Little wonder is it that many preferred to drown in the shallows when they fell beneath their loads, rather than to struggle to the surface to be rewarded with another dose of the "cat" for wetting the lime. Those low shores, fringed with mangrove, are arid and waste and depressing, even to view casually without any knowledge of the wicked tyranny that once made them a place of unimaginable terrors, and they look to-day as though something evil still haunted them. There was never any place so woeful in Australia as the camp for "incorrigibles" at Limeburners' Bay, about the time when Major Morrisset ruled the Coal River settlement with a red-hot rod of iron and the soul of a devil. When the steamer swings round Outer North Head as she leaves Port Jackson, she passes by a magnificently complete geological section of the sedimentary rocks of the "Hawkesbury" series upon which Sydney is built, extending between the perpendicular corner of the headland to an almost equally "up and down" formation in North Point, once past which she opens up Cabbage-tree Bay&mdash;the little known but rightful designation of the glittering waters breaking in long lines of surf on curving sands, which is popularly known as Manly Beach. Then comes the majestic joint called Queenscliff, with the little Freshwater Beach (named by Governor Phillip when he walked overland to Broken Bay in 1788, and now foolishly re-named "Harbord") lying between it and Curl Curl Head. Another long stretch of gleaming yellow sands extends between the latter rocky bluff and Dee Why Head, and the next far-projecting promontory is marked on the chart as Long Point, but is better known as Long Reef. After that stretches a succession of beaches&mdash;bounded by Narrabeen Head, Bungan Head, and Bulgolo Head&mdash;extending to the South Head of Broken Bay. Round the corner is Little Head, with Palm Beach lying between its steep seaward escarpment and Barrenjoey Head, on top of which stands the first of the two lighthouses on the coast between Port Jackson's North Head and the mouth of the Hunter. In between Bulgolo Head and the South Head of Broken Bay, a great cavern in the cliffs, plainly visible from seaward, has given to the high bluff in which it occurs the picturesque title of the "Hole in the Wall." West Reef and East Reef are set out from the rocky coastline between Hawke Head and the most southerly projection of Cape Three Points&mdash;these are all James Cook's names&mdash;which is broken into Third Point, Second Point and First Point. Between the latter and Broken Head lies a pretty indentation known as Balbaring Bay. Immediately south of this is Terrigal Harbour, where small shipping may, on occasion, find shelter from southerly weather. The next rocky promontory distinguished on the chart is Upright Point, with a little boat-harbour not far south of it, and a few miles further on is the entrance to Tuggerah Lakes. Tuggerah Reef lies almost east of the entrance, and a couple of miles nor'-east of it a "bomborah" breaks at some distance from the shore when the swell rolling in from the Tasman Sea is heavier than usual. North of it is Norah Head, with its tall white lighthouse, a little more than half way between Port Jackson and the Hunter. ON the morning of June 12, 1831, the first steam-driven vessel to make the voyage between Port Jackson and the Hunter River sailed up the coast from Sydney to Newcastle and inaugurated the cargo and passenger steamer service which has functioned along the same trade route ever since. The present Newcastle and Hunter River Steamship Company, Limited, can trace its descent through various organisations directly from this small steamer which was, a hundred and twelve years ago, the most remarkable and famous craft afloat in Australasian waters. In the issue of the same journal of May 21, further reference is made to the engrossing subject of the wonder-ship. Incidentally, it may be noted that the ship's associations seem to have rendered inevitable the name bestowed upon her. She was built at Clarence Town, the settlement on the river named after King William, which had been called after him when he was the Duke of Clarence, before succeeding his brother, George IV, on the throne of Great Britain and Ireland. Hardly any other name could have been appropriately chosen for her. In the same issue appears this advertisement from Mr. Grose. The advertisement is signed by Captain Taggart, and the Green Hills, of course, was the original name of the present township of Morpeth. Nothing like that is to be seen on the Lower Hunter now. And now we come to the beginnings of the Hunter River Steam Navigation Company, which was established in 1840, with a capital of £40,000, subscribed in 2000 shares of £20 each. A meeting was called by public notice in the press, signed by John Eales, of Duckenfield, near Morpeth, and provisional directors were appointed&mdash;Messrs. Eales, Hosking, Lord, Drake, Abercrombie, Steel, Capel, R. Scott and Ward Stephens. This number was reduced to six when the company was incorporated. For the next 35 years two separate lines of steamers traded between Sydney, Newcastle and Morpeth, at the head of navigation of the river, but it is only possible here to give a brief outline of the developments that took place in the Hunter River steamship trade between 1855 and 1891, when competition ceased and the companies then in existence amalgamated&mdash;an event induced by the opening of the Sydney-Newcastle railway. In the end, the counsels of the directors of the H.R.N.S.N. Co. prevailed, they went on with their programme of development, and, a little more than twenty years after their appeal to the shareholders, as quoted in part above, saw the A.S.N. Co. withdraw from the Hunter River trade. But it was a long, stern fight, and few points were conceded upon either side. IT is many years&mdash;more, perhaps, than he likes to admit, even to himself&mdash;since the writer first travelled as a passenger between Port Hunter and Port Jackson, and now, having written some 20,000 words or so from the records, assisted by the chart and a good deal of experience of voyaging up and down the sixty miles of Australian coast with which this book is concerned, perhaps he may be permitted to set down something personal in the way of reminiscences connected with the story of the Newcastle Packets. A rushing, roaring sound of tumbling waters, unpleasant manifestations of female sea-sickness, and a vague realisation that the night had been "horrid" to everyone but himself are his principal impressions of this first voyage from Newcastle to Sydney&mdash;though there was one transcending impression that has never been obliterated. The beauty of Port Jackson at 6 o'clock on a summer morning is the most vivid memory of very early childhood that is his, and it has compelled him to a belief that Sydney Harbour could never be anything else but very beautiful at any hour of the day or night. Owing to that early experience, he is constitutionally unable, in these latter days, to turn into his berth, when making the voyage to Newcastle, before the steamer has passed between the Heads. A large room occupying the whole of the upper floor of a venerable stone building in Sussex Street, Sydney&mdash;one of the city's business thoroughfares where some aspect of old Sydney still lingers&mdash;contains a collection of pictures, models and documents relating to early steam navigation on the Australian coast which is probably unique. A high, vaulted apartment, with a timbered roof supported by massive beams stretching from wall to wall, it extends from front to rear of the premises, so that, of the two sets of windows lighting it, one looks out into busy Sussex Street and the other commands a view of the shipping in Darling Harbour which gives the street its reason for being. From end to end the big room is adorned by pictures and models of steamers, the dates of whose launching range between a couple of years ago and the early 'thirties of the last century. And in the safes and cupboards with which it is equipped in a massive and dignified fashion, are many folios and documents, ancient and yellowed with age, and inscribed in the penmanship that has become a lost art, in which is written the story of the sea-borne trade between Port Jackson and the Hunter River. The chamber is the board-room of the Newcastle and Hunter River Steamship Company, Limited&mdash;but it is also a filed record of a very important chapter in the story of the Commonwealth. For the organisation to which it belongs is in the direct line of descent from that one which came into being a little over a century ago as the Hunter River Steam Navigation Company. And to the original corporation credit is due, more than to any other agency, for having maintained, in "the days before the gold," the greater part of the trade between the capital of New South Wales and that vast area of territory lying between the Hawkesbury and the Barwon Rivers. Everything from the north-west of the old colony, and a good deal from south-western Queensland&mdash;or the Moreton Bay Territory, as it was then&mdash;came down the Hunter Valley to Morpeth at the head of navigation, and whatever was not shipped overseas from Newcastle was carried from Morpeth to Sydney in the steamers of the several companies that were the ancestors of the one whose present affairs are directed from this nautical museum in Sussex Street. The old-time ships whose portraits adorn these walls were usually yacht-like in design, clipper-bowed and graceful of aspect, and possessed much more pleasing lines than most of the units of the shipping to be seen in Sydney Harbour at the present day. They belong to a generation that has passed, and there is no one living now who can remember any of those that navigated the Hunter River before the era of the gold discoveries. By those of us who are middle-aged and over, many of the later steamers which used to ply up and down the coast in the 'seventies and 'eighties of the last century will be very well remembered. They are nearly all in this collection. ONE of the most valuable relics of the Newcastle Packets contained in the big steel safe in the Sussex Street board-room is an ancient Minute Book of the Hunter River New Steam Navigation Company, containing records of meetings of the Board of Directors from May 27, 1852, to October 15, 1855. It is apparently the sole survivor of a series of such volumes, and is beautifully written in the copper-plate caligraphy which the advent of the typewriter has rendered a lost art. One or two extracts from this book may throw interesting sidelights upon the sea-borne commerce of the Hunter at a period when Australia was rapidly developing, not only by reason of the gold discoveries, but also as a result of the extension of the pastoral industries. It is to be remembered that practically all the trade of northern and north-western New South Wales, ninety years ago, came through Morpeth, and was carried to Sydney for distribution to the world beyond these shores in the steamers of the Hunter River New Steam Navigation Co. and the Australasian Steam Navigation Co. The entry relating to the preliminary meeting, since it is of so historic a character, may be given in full. This is an exact transcription from the old MS. book. A provisional committee was appointed "to receive applications for Shares, allocate the same, and to take steps to commence business," consisting of W. C. Wentworth, Esq., M.L.C., Messrs. James Dickson, Peter Green, George Yeomans, William Nicholson, Otto Baldwin, John Nott, N. S. Grenfell, Isaac Gorrick, Samuel Cohen, John Portus, Charles Boydell. James Solomon, Edward Ogg, Samuel Owen, John O'Regan, A. Windeyer, W. Kingston, William Dangar, Bourn Russell, Charles S. Pitt, William Wade, Saml. S. Dickson, Richard Jones, Henry Gooch and Andrew Lang. The Northumberland Hotel, where these preliminary meetings were held was the most famous hostelry of northern districts of New South Wales. It stood for many years on the site at present occupied by the Police Station at West Maitland. Meetings were held there until September 15, 1852, when they began to take place at "Mr. Dickson's, Maitland." They were continued at this address until October 8, when they are recorded as being held at "the Company's Office, East Maitland." In the meantime, Mr. James Thompson had been selected, from twelve applicants for the position, to act as "Secretary and Collector" at a salary of £125 per annum. He was to give his whole time for the first month of holding office, and afterwards three days a week. At a meeting held at the East Maitland offices on April 11, 1854, wharfage accommodation in Sydney, it was announced, had been secured at "the Union or Bray's Wharf," and was leased from Mr. Thomas Bray for ten years. The situation of this wharf was just about in the position where steamers of the Newcastle and Hunter River S.S. Co. berth to-day. Minute Book No. 1 closes in January, 1855, and No. 2 is opened with the meeting of February 15. On April 10, 1855, it was decided that&mdash; Directors' meetings, later on, were often held on one or other of the Company's steamers at Morpeth, or in their offices at the wharf, where routine business was discharged. The last meeting recorded in the volume took place at the Morpeth offices on Monday, October 15, 1855. Long ago, top-hatted squatters and their crinolined ladies, who would discard their city finery at the Northumberland Hotel in West Maitland, and take to cabbage-tree hats and riding-habits, looked out from the poops of the old packet steamers across these rich acres to the purple mountains up the valley, over which lay their rough road homeward. Wealthy storekeepers who had been "old hands," new-chums seeking "colonial experience" on the Liverpool Plains, "Bullocky Bills" from the Big River (the Macintyre) or the Mooki, civil servants of the Lands Department, police, commercial travellers, Scottish immigrants to the Upper Hunter who had listened in their native glens to the eloquent persuasiveness of Dr. John Dunmore Lang&mdash;many men and women, now dead and gone, gazed hopefully across the Hunter lowlands to the lovely Green Hills and the distant purple mountains from the white decks of the dainty packets. Good people and bad people and indifferent people, the little ships carried towards the north and north-west&mdash;but some of them were of the best that ever came to any new country. Especially Dr. Lang's lot. When the writer last saw her&mdash;maybe ten years ago&mdash;her hull was sound and her uncanny-looking engines could still turn round, and if she wasn't handsome, she was at least notable&mdash;like some old woman of the pioneers who had borne the heat and burden of days that were done and might have been too much for weaker vessels. Who, it may be wondered, was the crinolined Anna Maria after whom she was christened? There is no answer now. Maybe some old slanting tombstone in the Cathedral churchyard at Newcastle, on Campbell's Hill at West Maitland, or in the big graveyard at Sandgate&mdash;Newcastle's necropolis&mdash;could tell us something of the lady&mdash;if we only knew where to look. Rowe had had a classical education, and almost all his literary remains are lavishly ornamented with bits of Virgil, Horace, Cicero and other Latin authors, as well as with odd lines from the English poets of the 17th and 18th centuries. The extract from them printed below is characteristically embellished in this fashion, but the writer has "sub-edited" all such somewhat superfluous matter and has merely presented to the reader Mr. Rowe's unadorned prose, which really stands in need of no garnishing at all. His long-windedness and tendency to moralise are probably due to the fact that he was being paid "on space" as much as to the journalistic style in vogue during the mid-Victorian period in which he wrote. Nowadays the volume of this description of a run to the Hunter River in one of the Newcastle Packets would be "cut" to about half the space it occupies. But it is the only contemporary record of one of these short voyages that the writer has come across, and he prints it here with some regret that there is not room for it all. THE valley of the Lower Hunter is almost as full of relics of early Australia as are the vale of Parramatta and the stretch of the Hawkesbury River lying between Emu Plains and Wiseman's Ferry, down below Windsor. Though settlement on the Hawkesbury had its beginnings long before there was anything of the sort on the Hunter, the conditions of pioneering were much the same in the case of both the "senior" rivers of Australasia. The first colonists of the hinterland of Port Jackson sought better country than was available to them in the districts of Sydney and Parramatta, and went westward towards the Blue Mountains in order to find it. And the first free people to push out from the Coal River settlement at Newcastle also turned their steps westward when they began to search for something better than the more or less arid and "hungry" soil of the coastal regions. Naturally they went up the river, and were not disappointed when they came to the rich river flats below the site of Morpeth and the splendid lands that surround West Maitland and Singleton, higher up the valley. It was the cedar-getters, of course, who opened up the Lower Hunter country, and the first of them&mdash;gangs of prisoners sent up to cut the valuable and abundant timber, who were guarded and protected by armed soldiers&mdash;were the original pioneers of the district. After them came the farmers, and after the farmers, as far as the Maitland district is concerned, the coal-miners. The development of the Maitland coalfields has greatly altered the social structure of the Lower Hunter, but nevertheless it still remains, and must always remain, essentially an agricultural community. We left Darling Harbour in Port Jackson somewhere about 9 o'clock in the evening, arriving in Port Hunter in the dawn of the following morning. After tying up at the King's Wharf for a few hours, while we unloaded what cargo we had for Newcastle, we went on up the river, calling at Raymond Terrace on the way to land whatever we were carrying as freight for that centre of distribution. Then we went on, past the junction of the Williams River, to Morpeth, passing through some of the best of those magnificent lucerne flats which have made the lands of the Lower Hunter famous more than anything else that is grown in their fertile area. It is a far cry from Morpeth to the South West India Docks in London, but the recollection of the sight of that white bridge takes him back to a certain cold and frosty but clear winter afternoon, when he wandered through the great basins looking at the extraordinary variety of ships from all the world to be found at rest therein. Suddenly he came upon a small wooden vessel that was obviously laid up and out of commission. On her bows were painted the letters "D-I-S-C-O-V-E-R-Y." Immediately he recognised the famous Arctic and Antarctic exploring ship, and halted to inspect her closely. "What part of Australia?" "Well&mdash;I'm a Hunter River native, really&mdash;-but I've been&mdash;&mdash;" "The Hunter! You know the Hunter River? You know Newcastle?" "Yes&mdash;better than I know the Commercial Road. I was born at West Maitland." This seemed to excite his liveliest interest. He fairly gaped at me in astonishment. "Well, you must know a little place on the river, down below Maitland, called Morpeth?" "Oh, yes&mdash;know it well. Often been there." "Lord, it's a narrow little world! Would you remember a big wooden bridge, by any chance, just above the town?" I told him I'd often been across it, and he got up and grabbed my hand. Morpeth is built upon the northern extremity of a long ridge&mdash;upon the south end of which is East Maitland&mdash;which constitutes the highest land in the immediate neighbourhood. The name by which the place was first known is curiously attractive, and one that was very commonly bestowed in the naming of localities by the pioneers of Australia all over the continent. It is one of those natural designations of which "Black Mountain," "Dry Creek," "Sandy Flat," etc., are such abounding examples throughout the Commonwealth. The first and most notable of the Green Hills was, of course, the old settlement on the banks of the Hawkesbury, where Governor Macquarie established the town of Windsor in 1810. For a score or more of years it bore the name bestowed upon it by those who came there first, and it is always to be regretted that his autocratic Excellency ever changed it. It may have been that the first settlers in this part of the Hunter Valley&mdash;who came here about 1812&mdash;named it after the Hawkesbury settlement, but it is just as likely that the greenness of the ridges themselves was responsible for what they called it. For the first supposition, a certain resemblance, just hereabout on the banks of a noble river, to the site of Windsor, encourages such as may like a romantic story to a preference. For the second, the fact that the pioneers were usually more practical than sentimental seems to make out a case. Whichever notion may be correct&mdash;it must have been one or the other&mdash;the fact remains that, from the old Green Hills of the Hunter, the outlook must have been as delightful, in the first decades of the nineteenth century, as it was from the older Green Hills of the Hawkesbury. To-day, any comparison would be odious, and there is not much to choose between the view from the belfy of St. Matthew's Church at Windsor and that obtainable from the summit of the square tower of St. James's in Morpeth. The town is unmistakably very old, as age counts in a new country like Australia&mdash;and it has as unmistakably seen better days. It is to-day the centre of a very rich farming district, and has a certain air of solid prosperity of its own&mdash;but it is more than obvious that long ago it did very much better than it does now. Huge stone storehouses along the river indicate a former business activity that does not exist in these days, and this is borne out by the history of the place. The original grantee of the land upon which Morpeth is built was Lieutenant Edward Charles Close, of H.M. 48th Regiment of Foot, who came to New South Wales with his battalion in 1817. An extraordinary escape from death whilst on active service in the Peninsula War&mdash;so the story goes&mdash;induced him to make a vow that whenever he was in a position to do so he would build a church as a token of his gratitude to God for his escape. So, years afterwards, he fulfilled this pious resolve at the old Green Hills, and St. James's was opened for public worship in 1833. This is the biographical notice of Lieutenant Close printed in "The Australian Encyclopaedia," which may fittingly be quoted here as that of the principal pioneer of the district:&mdash; THE first inland settlement of any importance on the Hunter River was made on the level country, a few miles above the head of navigation at the Green Hills (Morpeth), which had been named after the Commandant at Newcastle, Captain James Wallis, of H.M. 48th Regiment. The river itself, however, had already been explored from the sea as far as the present site of Singleton, as had also the Williams and the Paterson. In July, 1804, the district about the mouth of the river had a population of 95 souls, which had increased in twelve months to 138. Its principal exports, as has been mentioned, were coal and red cedar, the latter of which was found growing in great abundance along the banks of the Hunter and the Williams. Governor Macquarie visited Newcastle in 1811, and went up the river as far as its juncture with the Williams, where Raymond Terrace stands to-day. He was there again in 1818, and gave the Commandant, Captain Wallis, permission to settle a number of well-conducted convicts on the country round the site of West Maitland, which he named Wallis Plains in honour of that gentleman. Before this time it had been known as "The Camp," and was often referred to later as "Molly Morgan's Plains." The two earliest identities of the district who have been remembered in its traditions were a man named Maloney, who had been granted 170 acres on the site of West Maitland, and Molly Morgan, who had a grant of 159 acres in his neighbourhood. An over fondness for rum eventually led, in both cases, to a loss of all their possessions, but for some time the locality was always referred to on the Lower Hunter as "Molly Morgan's." Major Morrisset, Commandant at Newcastle in succession to Captain Wallis, made the first overland journey between Newcastle and Sydney in 1823. He reached Windsor, on the Hawkesbury, after nine days of strenuous battling through the densely timbered and very rough country lying between the two rivers. But before Morrisset made his expedition a party from the Hawkesbury led by John Howe, Chief Constable at Windsor, had crossed the ranges and reached the Hunter at a point about where the town of Singleton was afterwards established. The party consisted of John and Andrew Howe, George Loder, William Dargan, Phillip Thornley and Benjamin Singleton, after whom the town was subsequently named. On March 17, 1820, they came down from the mountains onto open plain country which, in honour of the Irish saint, they called Patrick's Plains. A subsequent chapter deals more fully with this adventure. Of the two Maitlands, East and West, the latter is the older. The name is said to have been given to the place by Mr. Surveyor Maitland, who marked out the first land boundaries in the district. In 1826 there were only three residences in the neighbourhood, but the settlement must have increased in importance very rapidly, for at the end of 1829 an order was issued by the Chief Justice, Sir Francis Forbes, for the holding of a court at Maitland on the 20th of the following January. This growth of population is further borne out by the fact that it was stated in March, 1828, that every acre of land on the banks of the Hunter had been allocated, and that 10,000 head of cattle had been driven over the ranges onto the Liverpool Plains. In 1831 the first survey for a township at Maitland was made by the government, the plan of the settlement having been signed and approved by Governor Darling the year before. About 200 allotments were sold, and by this time a house for the local Commandant had been built and a guard-house erected for the accommodation of prisoners being sent down to Newcastle gaol from outlying parts of the valley. The best way to go to the place whose name appears at the top of this chapter is by the route that was most in use when it went by such a name&mdash;that is to say, if you are going from Sydney, by way of the Tasman Sea and the Hunter River. You will not find it easy, however, to book for such a destination. A hundred years ago it would have been possible to come across someone who would have understood you when you told him whither you were bound, but nowadays almost your best plan would be to write a note to the honorary research secretary of the Royal Australian Historical Society, asking him where to look for the locality. His reply would be, "Try West Maitland." So you would secure a berth in one of the steamers of the Newcastle and Hunter River S.S. Company, and make the six-hour voyage to Port Hunter&mdash;on a summer night for preference, with a full moon shining&mdash;arriving there just as the old Coal River city is waking up in the morning. It might be possible for you to catch a certain small river steamer still engaged in the navigation of the Hunter, and voyage up to Morpeth through some of the most charming river scenery in Australia. If you then ascend the ridge on which the latter town and East Maitland are situated, you may look out across Wallis Plains, with the placid river winding through them, and West Maitland lying in their green spaciousness a few miles away. The name by which these higher lands along the Lower Hunter was first known is a curiously attractive one, and one that was very common in the christening of localities by their pioneers all over Australia, as has been pointed out before. From the Green Hills, perhaps, Wallis Plains are seen at their best. Those long, level lands&mdash;some of the richest in the State of New South Wales, if not in the Commonwealth&mdash;received their name originally, as has been mentioned, in honour of the man who was Commandant at Newcastle in the second decade of the last century, Captain James Wallis, of the 48th Regiment, who subsequently established the settlement of Port Macquarie. Wallis Creek, between East and West Maitland, also perpetuates his memory. And you may see some of the work that he began at the mouth of the Hunter in the shoreward end of the southern breakwater, connecting Nobby's (Coal Island) with the mainland. It was commenced in his day, but was not finally completed until 1857, having more than once been partly destroyed during its construction by heavy southerly gales. Captain Wallis seems to have been one of the better sort of officials who had control of most of the country during the somewhat horrible days of "the System." Of the establishment he founded at Port Macquarie, and directed for several years, Governor Macquarie writes with enthusiasm in his despatches and his own private journal. He was an energetic, painstaking, conscientious officer, who was, according to the ideas of colonial government held in Australia at that time, possibly a little too mild in his methods of enforcing discipline. If this was really the case, however, the relaxing effects of his humane administration were very efficiently counteracted by his successor, Major Morrisset, whose government in no way erred on the side of softness and leniency. It was this gentleman who, during his term as Commandant of the district of the Lower Hunter, used to make periodical inspections of his famous barge of the main river and its tributaries, the Williams and the Paterson. The flagellator always accompanied him on these rounds, and the triangles were kept conveniently rigged in the bows of the big boat, against any possibility of a waste of time. He would call at a farm on the river bank, inquire whether any of the assigned servants stood in need of discipline, and, in his capacity as a magistrate of the Territory, would try those who were so reported to him. In the event of their offences being proved, they only had to step down to the barge to receive the correction due to them. These rich river flats are amongst the very best lands in all Australia, but they have to pay for their fertility by periodic inundations of the sort through which Noah carried out his justly celebrated feat of navigation. The present writer was in Maitland during the big flood of 1913&mdash;the record one was in 1893&mdash;all but thirty years ago, and can truthfully affirm that such visitations are by no means amusing interludes, confident in the fact that he will be backed in such a statement by many people who had fine views of this particular episode of super-dampness from ridgepoles and lofts, and even from the tops of trees and the roofs of floating homesteads. A wooden house is not a comfortable craft in which to make a voyage, owing principally to the fact that it steers badly and is difficult to berth successfully. There are plenty of people living on Wallis Plains to-day who would vouch from experience for the truth of this. And tree-tops, though well ventilated, are said to leak atrociously and not to be comfortable residences for others than birds. But if the floods are bad, they have the redeeming virtue of top-dressing the lands they overwhelm with a soil that would almost "grow hair on a billiard ball." Nowhere is there anything better for lucerne cultivation than the deep, loamy deposits of Wallis Plains. Nowhere else are there such possibilities for an intense cultivation of the sort that one obtains in France and other western European countries and will surely one day be followed here. Always, of course, will remain the floods; but, even in spite of this very great drawback, it is safe to say that this fertile countryside will have an agricultural future of this description that those who come after the present generation&mdash;though, maybe possibly, not until the one after that&mdash;will adequately realise. It may be an unwelcome thing to say to the Lower Hunter farmer&mdash;but he hasn't even yet, after a good deal more than a century of possession, altogether realised the manifold possibilities of his rich and bounteous heritage. Possibly because he is a native of them, the author is a little prejudiced in favour of the Hunter River flats as they exist on Wallis Plains, but whether that be so or not hardly matters. By their very aspect they advertise themselves in a way that is unmistakable. If you have eyes to see, you need only go and look at them in order to realise what they are. If it be desired to show to any foreign visitor something worth looking at whilst he is in New South Wales, he might well be taken up the Hunter River to Wallis Plains. Two generations ago the people of Wallis Plains were nothing if not a community of agriculturists. West Maitland was a somewhat sleepy rural centre almost of the sort that you might have found contemporaneously in Kent or Devonshire. In between floods, the people of the surrounding countryside took life placidly, and hardly concerned themselves much with what took place beyond Singleton, up above, and Newcastle down below, along the quiet river winding to the sea through these rich, green fields. The town had an aspect of having seen better days&mdash;as it certainly had, when the north and north-west were in process of development and it was the social, commercial and political capital of all the vast territory stretching to the Queensland border. There was almost an air of decay about it, however, fifty or sixty years ago, and nobody who knows it would have been very much surprised had High Street slipped into the encroaching river, as it more than once very nearly did in flood-time, and the town been abandoned to the ploughshare and the mowing-machine. It was a place of Past Glories. But now all that is changed. There is still an agricultural population&mdash;but there is another sort as well. The opening up of the South Maitland collieries has brought a new class of human being into the district, a new industry, and a new life. You could not fire a rifle down High Street to-day at noon-tide without shooting somebody, as you might sometimes have done in those old days. High Street at the present time is a busy place of fine shops and imposing business premises&mdash;though much of the old-time lingers about it, if you know where to look. But there is no doubt that the neighbouring coalfields and the race of beings that belongs to them have changed the nature of the place utterly and completely. There is a view in West Maitland that the writer never fails to look at when he goes there. It you stand on the footway on the lower side of the Belmore Bridge and gaze down stream, you cannot fail to be charmed with the sweeping curve of the river, round which the hacks of the houses along High Street seem to perch precariously&mdash;and a square church tower gives an old world note to the scene. No Australian film-producer need go further afield than the Belmore Bridge at West Maitland to get a setting for an old English market-town, whence the hero of the story emigrated to Australia. And from the bridge the ordinary Australian, who is not in the moving-picture business, will get his best impression of the old-time "county town" of Wallis Plains. It is one that he will never wish to forget. THE district of the Lower Hunter, of which the town of Singleton is the centre, was discovered on March 17, 1820, by a party led by John Howe, the Chief Constable of Windsor, on the Hawkesbury River, but it is certain that Howe's party were not the first white men to set foot in that countryside. Singleton left the Hawkesbury on April 25, 1818, and pushed on until May 6. He kept a journal of his expedition&mdash;a quaintly puzzling bit of literature it is&mdash;and the following extract refers to the end of his journey, and carries the date "Wednesday, 6th." Singleton was a better pioneer than a scholar, as this part of his literary remains sufficiently attests. If old Ben Singleton's style is puzzling, it is at least quite original. The Rev. "Bobby" Knopwood's MS. journal is the only Australian historical document the writer is acquainted with that can possibly rival it. Although Singleton's diary in the original calls for somewhat exhausting study, it was interesting enough to Governor Macquarie, who read it at Windsor ten days after the explorers' return, to induce him to encourage another expedition along Singleton's route. So next year he gave instructions to John Howe to lead a carefully selected party of pioneers in search of a practicable track across the ranges to the good country in the valley of the Lower Hunter. Only a few absconding convicts had hitherto been into the rough and forbidding territory lying between the two rivers, and their experiences, of course, were not available. Howe and his expedition left Windsor on October 24, 1819, and, after some strenuous experiences in the ranges, reached the Hunter River on the 5th of November. On the 17th, after his return home, Howe reported to the Governor as follows:&mdash; Howe was accompanied by six others, including a local aboriginal. The following "list of persons who accompanied Mr. Howe" is preserved in the office of the Chief Secretary of New South Wales at Sydney, and is in Macquarie's own unmistakable handwriting. The memorandum reads as follows:&mdash; Howe kept voluminous notes of his distances, directions, and impressions of the country he passed through in diary form, but his account of the whole journey is too long for full quotation here, so we will only glance at his journal of the last couple of days before reaching his furthest point on the right bank of the Hunter, a mile or two down the stream from Jerry's Plains. It was in the following year, 1820, that the district received the name of "Patrick's Plains," though originally the title was prefixed with the "Saint." John Howe set out from the Hawkesbury the following March to try and amplify his discoveries of the previous November, and following for the most part his former route, reached a position, on March 17, 1820, somewhere close to the location of the present Whittingham railway-station. In honour of the day of his arrival in this promised land, Howe called the country surrounding him "Saint Patrick's Plains," and although the "Saint" went out of use very many years ago, the name is still that of the local government shire which includes the rich territory Howe went and discovered at the behest of Governor Macquarie. The present town of Singleton derives its name from the Benjamin Singleton referred to above. Several members of Howe's party were given grants of land in the district as a reward for their exertions in opening it up. Howe got 700 acres (Redbourneberry) and Singleton two grants of 400 and 200 acres. It seems, however, that other grants of land were made earlier than that given to Singleton, since two holdings, "McDougall's Farm" and "Brown's Farm," are mentioned in the wording of his grant. It is likely enough that he was in possession of his land before the others got theirs, his grant being surveyed later than the actual time of his taking possession. Of other early grants in the neighbourhood, there are records of John Brown having received 600 acres (Macquarie Place); James Cobb, 600 acres; and Henry Dangar, 700 acres (Neotsfield). Singleton lived until May 3, 1853. Not a great deal is to be found in the Historical Records concerning John Howe, the pioneer of Patrick's Plains. There was a Francis Howe who was a private in the New South Wales Corps, and received a grant of 25 acres on the Hawkesbury, and this man may have been John Howe's father&mdash;though there is no positive proof that he was. On April 18, 1808, John Howe and other Hawkesbury settlers signed a petition to Lieut.-Colonel Paterson, asking him to take over the government of New South Wales. He also signed the settlers' memorial to the deposed Governor, Captain Bligh, in 1809. On December 29, 1810, John Howe was appointed auctioneer at Windsor in place of the lately-deceased Andrew Thompson. In the Directory of 1833 it is announced that John Howe is auctioneer at Windsor, and also coroner. It is stated elsewhere, on the authority of Mrs. Mary Araluen Baldwin, daughter of Charles Harpur, the poet, that John Howe had the following family:&mdash; John Howe, died unmarried. Frances Howe, married James Doyle. Kate Howe, married Andrew Doyle. Elizabeth Howe, married George Dight. Emma Howe, married John Dight. Both Doyle and Dight are among the pioneer names of the Hunter Valley, and many representatives of the families are still living there and in Sydney. ALTHOUGH the natural development of the Hunter Valley followed along the usual Australian pioneering lines&mdash;the breeding of stock, accompanied by some amount of agriculture complementary to such pursuits&mdash;it must not be overlooked that wine-growing played an important part in it. In the past and the present, the culture of the grape-vine may be counted as a notable, if subsidiary, factor in the Valley's progress. And to get Hunter River grape-culture into its rightful perspective, it is necessary to glance briefly at that of the rest of the colony. Viticulture even yet does not seem to have reached the stage of development that might have been expected in such a country, with such a soil and climate, as Australia, but it has nevertheless an important place in the story of the growth of the Commonwealth. The Hunter River Valley contains some of the oldest wine-growing undertakings in the country. Grape-vines came to Australia from the Cape of Good Hope in the First Fleet, and were planted on the subsequent site of Sydney's Botanic Gardens behind Farm Cove. They were not a success at Port Jackson, but did better at Parramatta, and in 1791 Governor Hunter reported to the home authorities that there were eight acres under vines. In 1800 George Suttor, and in 1817 John Macarthur, brought out European stocks and established vineyards as commercial undertakings. In 1824 the Australian Agricultural Company included vine-growing amongst the objects for which it was constituted, though it does not seem to have troubled itself at any time over the production of wine. But the most important introduction of stocks was made in 1831-32 by James Busby, who imported over 1100 varieties from the best French and Spanish vineyards. About the same time James King, of Irrawang, who subsequently richly endowed the University ol Sydney with one of its most valuable scholarships, was growing vines from Spain and France on the Williams River, not far from its junction with the Hunter. He also experimented with some from the valley of the Rhine, but not with much success. In 1838 Jules Joubert brought into the country cuttings from the Medoc district of France, and a year later H. J. Lindeman founded the famous Cawarra vineyard on the Paterson River. Up to the middle of the nineteenth century, New South Wales was the principal wine-growing province, and three of its pioneer vineyards are still in production&mdash;Kirkton, near Singleton, dating from 1830; Dalwood, close to Maitland, established about the same time; and Bukulla in New England. With the development of viticulture in other parts of Australia we are hardly concerned here, and will confine ourselves to the Hunter Valley. A small quantity of very inferior wine was made near Sydney in 1803-4, and Governor King reported that the industry was unlikely to be a profitable one. His prediction was falsified, however, a score of years later, when Gregory Blaxland succeeded in making good wine at Brush Farm, on the Parramatta River, from South African vines, and was awarded medals for his efforts by the Royal Society of Arts in England. And presently Hunter River wines, made by James King at Irrawang, secured European recognition. This was possibly the first overseas success of any wine grown in the Hunter Valley. Captain John Macarthur, founder of wool-growing in Australia, seems to have been also a pioneer of wine-making in this country. Records of his early activities are scarce, probably for the reason that he was away from New South Wales between 1809 and 1817, but he was apparently the first settler to employ experienced wine dressers, and during his eight years' absence from the colony he made a study of wine-making in Europe. On his return to New South Wales he planted several acres of vines at Camden Park, and afterwards on the bank of the Nepean River, with such good results that in ten years' time he was producing somewhere about 20,000 gallons of wine annually. But for a Hunter River pioneer of viticulture we must turn to James Busby. He was the second son of John Busby, the civil engineer responsible for Sydney's first water supply, conveyed to the town by "Busby's Bore" from the swamps in the area now occupied by the Centennial Park to the south-east of the city. He was born in Scotland in 1800, and arrived in New South Wales with his father in 1824. Even before coming to this country he seems to have envisaged a wine-growing future for Australia, since, as a preliminary to his setting out for the antipodes, he made a tour of the Bordeaux district, with the intention of finding out what could be done with regard to viticulture in Australia. Soon after he arrived in Sydney, Governor Brisbane granted him 2000 acres on the Hunter River, which he named "Kirkton," after his birthplace. In 1825 he entered the civil service, and was appointed Superintendent of the Male Orphan School at Cabramatta, where he planted a vineyard which in four years was producing good wine of the burgundy type. In the first year of his occupation of this position he published a manual, in collaboration with his father, called "The Culture of the Vine and the Art of Making Wine," in which he suggested that every settler should grow wine for the use of his family and the sale of what was left over. It is interesting to note that he estimated a man could trench and prepare one acre a year, and that with an annual cost of £8 until the vines began to bear, the total cost per acre would be £48. In 1830 he handed over the grant of Kirkton on the Hunter to the care of his father, and went to Europe expressly to study the vineyards of France and Spain. On his return two years later he planted at Kirkton 365 varieties of wine and table grapes. But his career in Australia was only a short one, for in 1833 he took up an administrative post in New Zealand. His father, John Busby, went to live at Kirkton in 1837, and died there, at the age of 92, twenty years afterwards. When cuttings from the vines James Busby planted at Kirkton became available, viticulture in New South Wales received a stimulus. It was in 1832 that James King planted his vineyard at Irrawang, near Raymond Terrace, and in 1843 Dr. Lindeman established one at Cawarra, on the Paterson, the wines from which made a great name for themselves. John Wyndham planted his vineyard at Dalwood in 1846, and after that came the Porphyry vineyard, near Seaham, on the Williams River, planted by the Carmichael brothers. It soon became established that the large area watered by the Hunter River and its tributary streams contained all sorts of soils most admirably adapted for viticulture, and that the climate and rainfall of the Valley were all that could be desired by wine-growers for its successful carrying on. From the Hunter wine-growing became widespread throughout all parts of Australia, though this means rather that the Valley is the original home of commercial viticulture in the Commonwealth than that subsequent effort in such a direction, derived exclusively from its flats and slopes. As James Busby was the pioneer viticulturist of the Hunter&mdash;possibly in seniority, certainly in achievement&mdash;a few words here about his later career will not be out of place. In 1837 Lord Goderich, then Colonial Secretary, appointed him British Resident in New Zealand, and on May 16, 1837, he landed in the Bay of Islands to take up his work. There he began his duties as Administrator of the islands, and performed them faithfully and well until the end of the decade. And then singular ill-fortune attended him for the rest of his life, and if ever a man was badly treated by Fate, this pioneer of Australian wine and New Zealand civil government might well claim that he was. In 1839 the New South Wales authorities protested to the Colonial Office that the payment of Busby's salary wasn't really their affair, since they got nothing out of his services in New Zealand. However, at the end of January, 1840, Captain Hobson, R.N., arrived at the Bay of Islands with a commission appointing him Lieutenant-Governor of the group, thereby superseding Busby as representative of British rule. Busby gave Hobson most loyal support and assisted him materially over the Treaty of Waitangi, that vital New Zealand historical landmark, obtaining to it the signatures of many influential chiefs. With an idea of settling permanently in New Zealand, Busby had purchased from the Maoris, strictly in accordance with their customs, a block of 40,000 acres of grazing land at Whangarei and 10,000 of timber country near Auckland, where he had established a saw-mill. Crossing over to Sydney to buy cattle, he was appalled at finding that Governor Gipps&mdash;mainly on account of W. C. Wentworth's attempted land-grab of 20,000,000 acres in the South Island&mdash;was putting through the Legislative Council a bill cancelling all existing titles to land in New Zealand. In spite of Busby's protests the bill was passed though it was afterwards vetoed by the Colonial Office because, before it could become law, New Zealand had been constituted a colony. Rusby returned to the Bay of Islands, but could get nothing definite as to how he stood from Captain Hobson, so decided to go to England about it. After five weary years he returned with his claims still unsatisfied, and settled down on what land he had. For ten years or more he published a ceaseless stream of pamphlets on local affairs, which were very unsatisfactory so far as responsible government was concerned, and in 1864 returned home to press his claims to the land he had been done out of, or alternatively to get compensation. Finally he was awarded £28,000 by arbitrators appointed in New Zealand&mdash;and was cheated out of it by what almost amounted to a confidence trick. "The government," says the 'Australian Encyclopaedia,' "not having so much spare cash, paid him with scrip that would be accepted, it said, at its face value in payment for any crown lands on sale in the province of Auckland&mdash;whereupon, according to Busby's story, the superintendent of lands promptly withdrew from sale every block of land in the province that was of any value." While visiting England in hope of obtaining some redress for this manifest piece of sharp practice, Busby died in July, 1871. Better far for him had he stuck to Patrick's Plains and his pioneer vineyard at Kirkton. THE lands of the Hunter Valley above the limit of navigation at the Green Hills (Morpeth) were opened up to settlers about the time of the departure of Governor Macquarie for England in 1822, and the list of the first settlers on the river who took up their land between 1821 and 1825 is a long one&mdash;too long for quotation here. It was made out by Mr. Surveyor Dangar in 1827, and contains 263 names. As to the status of these pioneers of the Valley, the Historical Records and those in the Lands Department of New South Wales and the office of the Chief Secretary, as well as the newspapers of the period, show that a large proportion of them belonged to the mercantile, professional and leisured classes, most of whom lived in Sydney and worked their properties through agents or managers. Twenty-four of these settlers had been given grants by Governor Macquarie, and several dated back almost to his time, while many of the others were given to men who afterwards became notable in the history of the colony. The following biographical notes on some of their number are contained in a paper contributed to the Journal of The Royal Australian Historical Society by the late J. F. Campbell in 1926. William Harper, principal assistant surveyor, seems to have been engaged with Henry Dangar on the early surveys of the Hunter River districts, but having become an invalid, and incapable of active field duty, his application for land received early consideration. John Howe, chief constable at Windsor, on the Hawkesbury, having discovered a route between that river and the Hunter Valley, was rewarded by a licence to graze his stock at Patrick's Plains, and a few months afterwards by a grant of 700 acres in that neighbourhood. In 1824 he received an additional allotment of 500 acres higher up the river. Of the twenty-four earliest grantees, all but four retained their lands until secured by deeds of grant, and notable among these was T. M. W. Winder, a Sydney merchant, who for a little while held a monopoly in the coal-mining industry at Newcastle, against which Governor Darling protested to Downing Street. His first grant of 760 acres was subsequently increased, and eventually he held 4,640 acres of Crown Lands on the Lower Hunter, some of which he had acquired by purchase. Henry Dangar, who compiled the list of settlers referred to above, migrated from England to New South Wales in 1821, and obtained a position under Government as an assistant surveyor. He was engaged on surveys in and about the Hunter Valley up to 1827, when, owing to failure in establishing his claim to a block of land near Segenhoe, he retired from the civil service. He appealed to the authorities in England over the Segenhoe business and, whilst engaged in representing his case in London, published his "Guide to Emigrants," by Henry Dangar, with a sub-title of "An Index and Directory to His Map of the Hunter River Valley.'" About this time the ultimate position of the Australian Agricultural Company's huge land grant in New South Wales was under consideration, and Dangar's surveys in connection with the Port Stephens location, together with his knowledge of the northern region generally, becoming known to the directors in England, he was selected to assist Sir Edward Parry in the final adjustment of the grant. After having given outstanding service as a surveyor to the interests of the company, he took up pastoral pursuits. In addition to the land he had been granted in the Hunter Valley, he acquired several stations in the New England district, including "Gostwyck," near Armidale. His family name has been prominent ever since those days in the pastoral and mercantile circles of New South Wales. There is not much of interest to be told concerning the remainder of the earlier settlers in the Valley, but some mention may be made of a few on whose behalf "Orders" were issued. Joseph Underwood, merchant and shipowner, was given a grant of 1,500 acres on the river some little distance above Wallis Plains&mdash;the grant was made out in the name of James Mitchell. Underwood's stores were for long a prominent feature of Lower George Street in Sydney. He was one of the leading merchants of the capital, and the owner of a number of trading vessels engaged in the Bass Straits seal fisheries and in the South Sea Islands. Dr. Lawrence Halloran was granted an area of 300 acres a little to the north of the Green Hills (Morpeth), the rights of which he disposed of to John Cuneene. For some years, assisted by his daughter Laura, he conducted successfully a boys' school in Sydney, located at the intersection of Hunter and Phillip Streets. George and Andrew Loder were allotted grants on Patrick's Plains, but they were either abandoned or sold prior to the issue of their titles. Their father, George Loder, Sen., son-in-law of John Howe, was allotted 150 acres close at hand. He and his son afterwards took up a large station near Quirindi, on the Liverpool Plains (Colley Creek). Benjamin Singleton's grant became the site of the town of Singleton. Singleton, Philip Thornley and George Loder, Sen., had accompanied Howe in his exploration of the Upper Hunter in 1820, as related in a previous chapter. During the first few years of settlement in the Valley, there was any amount of country stretching behind the lands taken up by early settlers for all the stock grazing in the Valley, but as settlement increased, additional pastoral land became necessary, especially during dry seasons. So stockmen began to push over the Dividing Range above Murrurundi, squatting first of all on the Liverpool Plains, and afterwards in the New England and Gwydir districts. The northern limit of the settlement area, "beyond which land was neither sold nor let," was first described as bounded by a line from Cape Hawke, due west to Wellington Vale, but in 1829 it was more definitely described as by the Manning River to its source on Mount Royal, thence westerly by Mount Royal and the Liverpool Ranges, "to include all streams, valleys and ravines which descend to the Goulburn and Hunter's Rivers." The most important estate of the Hunter Valley in this early period of its history was the special area granted to Thomas Potter Macqueen, M.P., of Park Lane in London. In a subsequent chapter the story of Segenhoe, as he named his property, is dealt with at some length, so it is not necessary to go into details about it here. In Lord Bathurst's despatch to Governor Brisbane of August 4, 1823, the following announcement is made:&mdash; Francis Forbes, the eldest son of the Hon. Francis Forbes, a member of the Bermuda Legislative Council, was born in the island in 1784. He arrived in Sydney on March 5, 1824, and acted as Chief Justice up to the middle of 1837, when he resigned and went home. On his subsequent return to the colony he became a pastoralist, in partnership with his brother George, and settled at Skellator on the Hunter River, near Muswellbrook. In conformity with the regulations then in vogue respecting grants of land to civil servants, he was allowed 2,560 acres close to the site of the above-mentioned township, with a frontage to the Musclebrook and the Hunter Rivers. He applied for an additional area of 10,000 acres in exchange for land he had acquired in the Bermudas, "which land, on his quitting that colony in 1815, he had settled upon his mother." The Surveyor-General was instructed to reserve 10,000 acres on the east and south sides of his grant, whilst awaiting instructions from the Secretary of State for the Colonies. His proposal, however, was not sanctioned, but Forbes was allowed to purchase the land. His name also is included in the lists of licencees as an occupier of lands beyond the limits outlined above. Knighted in 1836, before his retirement from the bench, he died in Sydney on November 6, 1841. Robert and Helenus Scott landed in the colony on March 8, 1822, and in April were granted 2,000 acres of land northward of Wallis Plains. They named their estate "Glendon," and presently applied for an additional area of 10,000 acres "on the ground that they actually meant, and had ample means, to cultivate and stock land to that extent." Their application, which seems for a time to have been pigeon-holed, was resubmitted on January 3, 1826, on behalf of his brothers, by A. W. Scott, and received favourable recommendation by Governor Brisbane, who had returned to England. In his letter to the Secretary of State, Sir Thomas Brisbane stated that "Mrs. Scott's two sons, already settled in the colony, had frequently come under his personal observation as young men of great promise . . . and were of superior education and acquirements, particularly the elder." The Scott brothers were most valuable settlers in every respect. Robert Scott died on July 30, 1844, his brother surviving him for some years. In applying for a land grant&mdash;he was allotted one a little distance above Patrick's Plains&mdash;he stated that he required a grant "commensurate with the stock he had acquired with his wife, the second daughter of John Macarthur, whom he had recently married." When the Australian Agricultural Company was formed in 1824, Dr. Bowman was appointed a member of the local committee of management, and filled the position until the arrival of Sir Edward Parry, the company's Commissioner. He had come to New South Wales in 1825, with his wife and family, and had been granted 2,000 acres, being allowed to reserve 4,000 more adjoining it for purchase. He was appointed Resident Magistrate of the Upper Hunter district, and was nominated a member of the Legislative Council on February 1, 1829. In his official capacity he took a prominent part in keeping the blacks in order and in the suppression of bushranging. Having applied for further grants of land in view of the increase of his flocks and herds, and being refused, he crossed the Liverpool Ranges and "squatted" in the Gwydir district. George Lang, a brother of the Rev. Dr. John Dunmore Lang, of the Scots' Church in Sydney, arrived in the colony in 1821, and immediately received a grant of 400 acres from Governor Macquarie. He obtained a further grant of 1,000 acres on the Hunter River from Sir Thomas Brisbane, not far from the Green Hills (Morpeth). He had been employed in the Commissariat Department, but resigned at the end of 1824, and settled on his Hunter River estate. He died on January 18, 1825, but the property remained in the family, and was managed by his surviving brother, Andrew Lang. James Mudie, of "Castle Forbes," was so notoriously a bad master of assigned convict servants, that he deserves a chapter to himself. He may be taken, perhaps, as the very worst type of wealthy class of settlers in New South Wales in this period&mdash;but by no means does he stand alone. The story of the settlement of the Hunter Valley would be incomplete without some detailed reference to this cruel and tyrannical master of convict labour. It was men like Mudie who distorted the intended benevolences of "the System" into hopelessness and misery for the unfortunate men who became subject to their sadistic control. CONTINUING these brief notes relating to some of the pioneers of the Hunter Valley, we come to a memorial sent to Governor Gipps by Lieutenant James Reid under date of March 24, 1838, in which he informs His Excellency that "he emigrated to the colony in the year 1823, being then a lieutenant upon half pay." He states, also, that he brought with him an order from Earl Bathurst to Governor Brisbane that a grant of land should be given to him if the Governor approved. As he was prepared to maintain twenty convicts as labourers for ten years, the Governor allotted him a grant of 2,000 acres on the Hunter, situated between Newcastle and the Green Hills (Morpeth). He asked in the memorial for a second grant of land, pointing out that on an allotment he had been given in the town of Newcastle he had erected buildings valued at £2,000. His claim was not allowed, but he acquired a fairly large estate by purchase. Amongst the more notable pioneers of the Hunter were Coloney Henry Dumaresq, of St. Hillier's, near Muswellbrook, and Edward Gostwyck Cory, of "Gostwyck" on the Paterson River. Others were Captain W. J. Dumaresq, of "St. Aubin's," near Scone, Surgeon W. B. Carlyle, R.N., of "Invermien," in the same neighbourhood, and Lieutenant J. J. Cory, R.N., of "Coryvale" on the Paterson. Lieutenant Vickers Jacobs, an officer of the Honourable East India Company, comes in for a little unfavourable comment in a dispatch of Governor Brisbane's dated September 3, 1823. Jacobs resigned from the H.E.I. Company, and was eventually given possession of his 2,000 acres. J. P. Webber, Justice of the Peace, was granted 2,000 acres on the right bank of the Paterson River, not far from the Green Hills (Morpeth), and later on 720 acres were added to it. He made an application subsequently to the Secretary of State for a further grant of 2,560 acres, but did not get it. In 1822 Timothy Nowlan came out from Ireland to be a free settler in Van Diemen's Land, with the intention of going in for experimental sheep-breeding. But as he was not satisfied with the land allotted to him in the island, he applied in 1823 to Governor Brisbane for a grant in New South Wales. He was given a provisional allotment on the Hunter River, and was informed that he would be allowed another 2,000 acres if his experiments were successful. The land was situated some distance back from the right bank of the Paterson. Eventually he applied for, and was granted, a lease of the land for seven years. When the time was up, and he had been given notice to quit, he renewed his application for a grant, which was finally allowed him. He was also permitted to purchase the 3,800 acres reserved for lease in the first instance. William Dun was allotted an area of 1,300 acres on the Paterson, a little way below the site of the subsequent township, and applied for a further grant to bring it up to 2,000 acres. His application has a curious though worthy reason for its lodging. The author of one of the best books written about this period&mdash;"Two Years in New South Wales"&mdash;was one of the early Hunter River settlers. This was Surgeon Peter Cunningham, R.N. He had a grant of 2,560 acres, and applied for an additional area&mdash;the estate was on the outskirts of Patrick's Plains. His application affords some interesting information with regard to the pastoral quality of his holding. He says that "he had 600 sheep and 120 cattle and horses, and that the carrying capacity of his land was at the rate of three acres to a sheep, or ten acres per head of cattle"; also, that his stock doubled every three years. He states that "stock has depreciated in value 400 per cent, within the last four years." Dr. Francis Moran arrived in the colony on May 31, 1822, and three months later was given a position as assistant surgeon on the medical staff. He received a grant of 1000 acres on the Hunter almost immediately, but sold it to H. Osburne, in whose name the deeds were issued. He was stationed at Port Macquarie for several years, and on his return to the Hunter practised his profession at Wallis Plains (Maitland). Runaway convict bushrangers gave much trouble to pioneer families in their homesteads, and by plundering and killing their stock, but the native blacks, also, were an occasional source of danger. In 1826 the following outrages were committed by the aborigines, chiefly in the Upper Hunter district. R. Scott and A. McLeod, Justices of the Peace, made the following joint statements regarding their hostile attitude&mdash;one which, no doubt, had been wantonly provoked by the conduct toward them of convict settlers and absconders. All this, according to the magistrates, had happened within the previous ten months. OF the early Governors of New South Wales, one of the most popular, benevolent and successful in administration was Lieutenant-General Sir Richard Bourke, K.C.B., Governor-General from 1831 to 1837. But he had his troubles and annoyances, and one of the worst of these was connected with the man whose name, with that of his estate at Patrick's Plains on the Hunter, makes a heading for this chapter. James Mudie had at one time held a commission as a 2nd Lieutenant in the Royal Marines, from which distinguished corps he seems to have been permitted to retire under some sort of a cloud. He then went into partnership with certain booksellers in a speculation for manufacturing medals of the chief actors in the Peninsular campaign and the brief one that ended with the defeat of Napoleon at Waterloo. The production of the medals having been delayed until the people they portrayed had been almost dropped from public interest, Mudie and his associates in the business had to go through the bankruptcy courts, from which he was eventually discharged as a certified insolvent. Out of this connection with the production of medals, Mudie acquired the nickname of "Major Medallion," which, after a time, became abbreviated to that of "the Major." Afterwards, in New South Wales, the owner of Castle Forbes was sometimes alluded to as "the Major" by people who were ignorant of the fact that he had no pretensions to any military title at all save the plain "Esquire" that might be supposed to go with his status as a retired junior subaltern officer. He got into very low water after his bankruptcy, but had the good fortune to be befriended by a benefactor&mdash;Sir Charles Forbes&mdash;who assisted him to emigrate with his family to New South Wales. On his arrival, with letters of introduction from his patron, he applied for a land grant and obtained a very good one at Patrick's Plains, which, with a decency he seldom otherwise exhibited, he named after the man who had come to his assistance in the period of his distress. In a few years his holding developed extensively, and was considered of sufficient importance by the Department of the Comptroller of Convicts to permit of his being assigned the slave labour of between 40 and 50 prisoners of the Crown. Mudie was a veritable "nigger driver," and contrived to exact from his assigned servants the maximum of labour at the lowest cost to himself for rations and clothing. He had unpleasant theories regarding the meaning of transportation and prison discipline. The extension to the unfortunates in his employment of any sort of indulgence was not to be considered for a moment, and he had no high-minded notions about reformation. He regarded lasting punishment as the well-deserved lot of all who had gone astray or offended against the social code. He always acted as though the unsparing use of the cat-o'-nine-tails was the only way in which convicts should be treated, and more than once expressed an opinion that men who had been prisoners should never be forgiven&mdash;even after they had finished their sentences. Dr. West, the historian of early Van Diemen's Land, drew a contrast between Mudie and other employers of assigned labour. This delightful gentleman practised what he preached. It lay in his hands for years&mdash;this power of enforcing his acknowledged doctrines. Tickets-of-leave were rarely won by the unhappy beings who toiled for him at Castle Forbes&mdash;"the high-sounding name that," says a contemporary commentator, "in compliment to his benefactor, Mudie bestowed upon a number of detached slab-huts and rickety wigwams huddled together in his establishment." Flogging was perpetual on his station&mdash;with the natural result that the outraged feelings, moral as well as physical, of his wretched serfs found expression in desperate acts of insubordination and reprisal. The most flagrant instance of this breeding of violent crime in its history whilst under the domination of this damnable fellow took place when five of his men, goaded beyond endurance, absconded from Castle Forbes and "took to the bush." They tried to shoot his son-in-law, John Larnach, who acted as his superintendent, but does not seem to have been quite so heartlessly callous to suffering in others as his employer. After being hunted for some time by the mounted police, they were at length captured and committed for trial in Sydney. Sir Roger Therry, afterwards a Supreme Court judge in New South Wales, gives in his "Reminiscences" details of the case of the five doomed men in which, acting for their defence, he was himself engaged. The unhappy victims of Mudie's callous brutality were all young, healthy men whose ages varied between twenty and thirty-two. One was a first-class carpenter and two others were mechanics. "The whole scene," says Therry, "caused a shudder that thrilled, not only through the Court, but through the heart of the Colony. They died with the same expression of complaint on their lips as those to which they gave utterance on the trial." Sir Richard Bourke caused an inquiry to be held, and it was conducted by two trustworthy civil officials, who condemned utterly the manner in which assigned servants were treated at Castle Forbes. But this, of course, did nothing for the five lads dead of the hangman's ropes and rotting in their graves, with only the odium cast upon their oppressor to compensate for the hard and cruel end their servitude had brought them. The rest of Mudie's life was as discreditable as his association with the estate of Castle Forbes. Soon after the trials mentioned above he returned to England, and was a witness before a Parliamentary Select Committee on Transportation in 1835. His evidence was so spiteful and prejudiced that some of it was directed to be expunged from the records, and other parts of it were contradicted in the press and elsewhere. He came back to New South Wales later on, but found himself virtually "in Coventry" amongst the better class of colonists. After a short stay in Sydney, in which he found bad trouble, he went home again, unregretted by anyone, but leaving behind him a reputation, in the Hunter Valley particularly, that was wholly unenviable. There must still be many people in the Hunter Valley who, like the writer, can recall impressions received from his contemporaries as to what an unsavoury person he must have been, the Squire of Castle Forbes. There is an extremely rare book&mdash;it may be seen in the Mitchell Library at Sydney&mdash;in which James Mudie, Esquire, attempts to gild James Mudie. It is cleverly unconvincing, though well worth reading. Here is the title-page of the little volume, which was printed by "Monitor" Hall in 1834. Hall can be well imagined accepting the job with his tongue in his cheek. ABOUT the time when the Crimean War was in full swing, and ladies wore crinolines and braided their hair in nets, a little red-headed boy of twelve waited at the old Highland Home Inn for the coach to Morpeth, which would be due at Wingen from Murrurundi by breakfast time. A desolate little lad he was, for it was the beginning of term, and he was going back to The King's School at Parramatta, and the occasion, as it always was and always will be to small boys, whether they travel by four-horse coach or aeroplane, was a melancholy one. Down the road that led up the wooded valley past the Burning Mountain to Warland's Range, along the she-oak shaded Kingdon Ponds Creek, would presently clatter and trundle, its team at a canter, the great lumbering vehicle, boot bulging with mail-bags and passengers' luggage, that was to bear him away from freedom and deposit him in the old Hunter River port of embarkation near East Maitland, where the wondrous steam-packet would navigate him down to Sydney and servitude, and Parramatta and punishments, if he didn't work hard and comport himself with circumspection. All too swiftly had the holidays slipped away here in the ranges bordering Page's River, all too swiftly would the coach's four horses haul him away from the cattle to the class-room&mdash;from the delights of liberty to the doleful contingencies of discipline. In the space of three days&mdash;so swift and speedy had travelling become in these latter years&mdash;the things that were worth while have given place to the things that were worthless and of no account. Very naturally, he was not happy. The coach came, and side-whiskered gentlemen in peg-top trousers and top-hats got down from the roof and emerged from its interior, and went inside to eat pork chops and peach jam on thick slabs of bread and butter, whilst the one haughty but beautiful lady passenger lifted her wide hoops, displaying a pretty ankle as she tripped across the verandah of the inn to the dining-room, and captivated the amatory sensibilities of sundry bearded and sunburnt men whose present occupation, even at this early hour, was the consumption of Jimmy Hyde's bad rum in his evil-smelling, low-ceiled bar-room across the passage. The little boy carried his carpet-bag to the coach, much cheered by the warm welcome accorded him by driver Peter Malone, who, having already broken his fast in Murrurundi, sat upon the box, holding the reins loosely in his big and powerful right hand, and smoking a short and grimy clay pipe that stuck out of his hairy features like a little chimney. "Climb up here, Johnny-boy," he said. "I tole y'r mother I'd keep a seat for ye. Well, then, it's th' lucky kiddy ye are&mdash;for to be a-goin' back to school. I never had no schoolin' at all&mdash;on'y what I larnt in th' brandin' yards, an' roun' th' cow-bail, and in th' flamin' stables. Stiffen me, Johnny, ye did ought to be as jolly as a piccaninny with all them there hadvantages. Don't tell me ye hain't!" Down past Captain's Lagoon and Cressfield&mdash;it was from Cressfield, over a century ago, that Dr. Little discovered the Burning Mountain at Wingen&mdash;and across the long flats on old St. Aubin's station, leaving the Black Mountain on their near hind wheel, and they came to the Golden Fleece Hotel in Scone, where they changed horses, and whence they presently drove on through Segenhoe to Muswellbrook. Here again they changed horses&mdash;the coaches were well-horsed, and liberally, in 1855. "Boshy" Nowland had the mail contract, and though he was reckoned "a bit of a nailer," there was nothing mean about the way he dragged his coaches up and down the Valley. Cobb and Co. hadn't yet arrived on the old North Road. Segenhoe was a famous place in those days. The old hands called it Seej'nhoe, with the accent on the first syllable. Ten years and more, it was, since Mrs. Potter Macqueen, its owner's beautiful wife, had queened it there, the handsomest and haughtiest lady in the Valley. It used to be said&mdash;though whether truthfully or not the writer does not know, that she had run away with a medical man from Muswellbrook, leaving on her husband's hands the immense bath-tub, carved out of a solid block of Carara marble, specially imported from Italy by her doting spouse, in which she used to bathe in milk for the good of her skin and complexion. Tradition had it also that the milk was afterwards handed over to the convict servants for their consumption. The bath is still at Segenhoe, where we will take a closer look at it in the next chapter. And so on down the valley to Patrick's Plains, and thence through the Maitlands to Morpeth, goes little red-headed Johnny on his way back to The King's School&mdash;and now we will take a look at the Valley Road as it was twenty years before that sad occasion. THERE were several notable estates in the Hunter Valley during the first decades of its settlement and adaptation to pastoral purposes&mdash;-Ravensworth, Neotsfield, Merton, Bengalla, Kayuga, Edinglassie, St. Helier's, St. Aubin's, Invermien, Yarrandi, and Satur&mdash;but there is not room for them all in this little volume, so we will have to content ourselves with a glance at one or two. Castle Forbes has, as it were, been forced upon us by the malignant ghost of James Mudie, and now the benevolent shade of Potter Macqueen urges us to take a look at what he did, or tried to do, with Segenhoe. For many years old Segenhoe station&mdash;the writer used to hear contemporary stories of the place from his grandmother&mdash;has been a legend of the Upper Hunter. Little remains of it now save the venerable and picturesque homestead&mdash;that solid old Georgian mansion&mdash;and a couple of thousand acres surrounding it (it has been cut up into dairy farms), but it has always been regarded as one of the most "historic" estates in the district wherein it is situated, almost midway between the towns of Muswellbrook and Scone, and in the near neighbourhood of Aberdeen. On July 21, 1823, Thomas Potter Macqueen, dating his letter from Park Lane in London, wrote to the Colonial Secretary, Earl Bathurst, applying for a land grant of 20,000 acres in New South Wales. He was informed, in reply, that Lord Bathurst would allow him an allotment of 10,000 acres, "which is as large a grant as His Lordship thinks it proper to make to any individual, but he will take care to direct that ten thousand acres adjoining may be kept in reserve with the view of your obtaining that addition when the first grant is brought into successful cultivation." On October 21, 1823, Governor Brisbane was authorised to make such a grant, and his successor, General Darling, executed it in July, 1826, when the estate of Segenhoe came into being at the point where the Page River runs into the Hunter. Macqueen did not find settling on the land in New South Wales altogether plain sailing, and he had a good deal of trouble over his application and the grant he received, as a petition to authority on his part amply demonstrates. In his own words:&mdash; In 1830 Macqueen appointed H. C. Semphill to manage Segenhoe, and a further sum of £16,000 was spent on the estate in six years, making a total for stock and improvements of £42,000. In the memorial quoted above Macqueen claims to have employed and maintained 160 convicts, and to have brought out from Great Britain the wives and families of about twenty prisoners. He also states that most of these assigned men, after acquiring their freedom, had settled on the estate as tenant farmers. During the severe drought lasting from 1827 to 1830, he had supplied almost the whole of the Upper Hunter district with grain. He maintained that all these services to the colony entitled him to more than the ordinary grant of 2500 acres. He therefore asked for a special grant of that area to be an addition to the 20,000 acres already allotted him. The maintenance of each convict, he asserted, relieved the Crown of an expenditure of £25 per annum&mdash;though Henry Dangar reckoned the cost of each man would be about £16. He stated that more than 200 convicts had passed through his hands, and gave the following particulars of them:&mdash; He gives it as his opinion later on that the transportation system is in need of revision. He has something to say about the influence of religion. Segenhoe was administered, so far as its convict servants were concerned, in a model fashion. The station had its own surgeon, as had two or three other large holdings on the Upper Hunter, and church services were always held on Sundays. Macqueen discriminated strictly between his good-conduct men and those who habitually misbehaved. The former were permitted to build themselves small huts, in which they used to live in comparative comfort, but the bad lots were herded at night into a tunnel cut in a hillside, where living conditions were squalid, mainly owing to the prisoners' own disgusting habits. His Excellency could see no reason for censuring Potter Macqueen&mdash;in fact, he departed from Segenhoe with regrets that there were not more men of his useful sort in the colony. He could hardly help comparing this model estate with Castle Forbes down the valley, where James Mudie was making life a hell for the unfortunates in his service. Apart from the success that attended Macqueen's efforts as an agriculturalist and grazier, his treatment of his assigned servants entitles him to the highest credit. When prisoners were assigned to humane and enlightened employers of his sort their lot was far from being a bad one and they came to render real service to the country of their compulsory adoption. Their condition was, indeed, very much better than that of the farm labourers and factory hands they had left behind them in the Old Country. Stories which may or may not be true, as mentioned in the previous chapter, have attached themselves as a sort of legend on the Upper Hunter to Mrs. Potter Macqueen. However much of truth may have been in them, it seems to be the fact that this good man's efforts as a pioneer were greatly hampered by her indifference to his very noble ideals and her distaste for life in the Australian bush. There is probably some foundation of fact for the tradition that she finally deserted him. She doesn't seem to have been nearly good enough for that valuable man. AS in other parts of New South Wales in the first half of the nineteenth century, bushranging had its day in the Hunter Valley, and the most notorious gang of runaway convict bandits which levied toll upon the pioneer community in the districts lying between Wallis Plains (West Maitland) and Murrurundi, near the head of the Page River, was the party led by Edward Davis, better known as "The Jewboy." After a little while the gang managed to arm itself with double-barrelled guns and pistols, and its equipment of stolen horseflesh was excellent. For a long time they carried on in the district in which they had begun their operations&mdash;occasionally going further afield&mdash;and were able to defy all efforts to capture them on the part of the detachments of mounted police stationed in the district. The gang committed so many robberies in a little over twelve months that the authorities in Sydney began to realise that something in the nature of a special expedition against them would be necessary. So a strong body of mounted troopers, under a subaltern's command, was sent to the Brisbane Water district, with instructions to hunt the gang relentlessly and capture its members either dead or alive. But although the Sydney contingent pushed them hard, it could not bring them to a final reckoning. Nevertheless, it succeeded in forcing them northward into the Hunter River country. They looted stores and dwellings all over the Valley, and in due course turned up at Muswellbrook, where they raided another store before going on to the neighbouring settlement at Holdsworthy Plains (Scone). Here they put up at one of the inns in the township&mdash;Chiver's&mdash;and afterwards set out to levy toll upon the local citizenry. Up to this time they were innocent of bloodshed, as Davis had insisted upon a "no murder" policy, and would only permit of fighting in order to evade arrest. Events moved very rapidly after that, for two days later, Mr. Robertson, the Police Magistrate, heard the charge against six of the gang, including its leader, Edward Davis, of having murdered Graham. In the meantime they had been captured at a place known as Doughboy Hollow, just over the Liverpool Range above Murrurundi, and brought back to Scone to appear before the local bench. The evidence given at these preliminary proceedings was much the same as that brought forward at the inquest, with the testimony of a few additional witnesses. The hearing, at the request of Mr. Edward Denny Day, the Police Magistrate at Maitland, who had pursued them up the valley and effected their capture at the end of the day on which Graham was murdered, was adjourned to Muswellbrook, whence their committal eventually took place to the Criminal Court in Sydney. When you stand upon the summit of the pass by which the Great Northern Road crosses the main range, you are on the division of the two parts of New South Wales, the coastal and the western, and down below, looking towards the sunset, is Doughboy Hollow, now, by some stupidity of the civil service, officially labelled "Ardglen." But it is still Doughboy Hollow to those who, like the writer, knew it before this idiotic change was made. This re-entrant gulf in the western slope of the range seems to have earned its original name because the old-time carriers&mdash;bullock-drivers and horse-team conductors&mdash;used to boil the succulent and indigestible doughboy, or dumpling, there, with the leg-o'-mutton, when they camped above the pretty creek that tinkles through it at the end of their day's pilgrimage towards the coast. Many of the names within a hundred miles radius are curiously happy&mdash;though there is not room here to enter into explanation of their origins. There are Bother Jimmy Mountain, Who'd-ha'-thought-it, Come-by-Chance, Campo Santo station and many others. It was a miserable business. The young assistant-storekeeper was a good specimen of the better sort of free immigrant who was beginning to arrive in this country, and it was over his body that the forthright Denny Day made some unpleasant remarks about his brother Police Magistrate at Scone and the timorous inhabitants of the town. To him and to them he applied in equal measure an unambiguous accusation of cowardice. Day wasted no time. He led his party up the valley of the Kingdon Ponds, past the Burning Mountain at Wingen, over Warland's Range and down into the valley of the Page River. About 5 p.m. his little force arrived at Atkinson's Inn at Murrurundi&mdash;for many years known as The White Hart&mdash;to find that his quarry was only about forty minutes ahead of him. The bushrangers had helped themselves to the fresh horses they found in the stables of the hotel and had gone on towards the ranges at the head of the Page valley. By this time Day's contingent had ridden 43 miles since early morning. He accordingly allowed a halt of ten minutes so that the horses might be watered and his men refreshed with a drink or two. Then they rode through the town, and up the valley to the pass across the ranges. When, after sunset, they looked down into Doughboy Hollow and saw the men they were after preparing to camp for the night, they had ridden in chase of them for at least 50 miles! OF all the old time estates on the Upper Hunter the most notable for generations has been Belltrees, the magnificent station controlled for more than eighty years past by members of the White family&mdash;men who rank as notably as any in the pioneering of the Hunter Valley, and, indeed, of New South Wales. For almost a century and a quarter of the Hunter's history the name "White" has been connected with its records, and there is such a numerous clan still existing in the district that nothing short of alien conquest would seem likely to remove it from the position it occupies in its relations with the Valley. The Australian founder of the family, James White, came to the colony in 1825 in charge of a consignment of merino sheep for the Australian Agricultural Company. On September 23, 1839, having severed his connection with the A.A. Co., he was given a Crown grant of 1,280 acres at the junction of the Isis and Page Rivers, since known as the Gundy Estate&mdash;as previously noted, the original form of the name seems to have been Gunda Gunda. James White was the father of the Hon. James White, of racing fame, of H. C. White, Frank White and four other sons, all of them more or less connected with the family tradition of flocks and herds. But the founder of Belltrees was Henry Collins Sempill, already mentioned in these pages in connection with Potter Macqueen and Segenhoe. He was born in Scotland in 1794, and was the son of Hamilton Collins of Bonaw, and heir by will to the estates of his grand uncle, Robert Sempill, of Castlebarns, Edinburgh, provided he assumed the name of Sempill. The will also stipulated that the estate of Castlebarns remain in the family of the Belltrees Sempills, but in 1818 it was otherwise disposed of. About nine years later Sempill came with his family to New South Wales, and settled in the Hunter Valley. In 1831 he received a grant of land on the Hunter River, which he named "Belltrees," and, having acquired the necessary experience, he devoted his time to the raising of stock there. Notwithstanding considerable additions to his grant of 2,560 acres in both freehold and lease, he found it desirable, if not absolutely necessary, to look for fresh pastures elsewhere, and learning from Oxley's "Journal," and probably from the explorer himself, of the well-grassed Hamilton Valley on the Upper Apsley River in the New England country, he occupied it. In 1831 he was appointed General Manager of Thomas Potter Macqueen's Segenhoe estate, which had been founded and managed by Macqueen's agent, Peter Macintyre, up to that date. Sempill, although a man of ability and evidently honourable in his transactions, was a somewhat imperious and overbearing character, tactless in his attitude towards his fellow settlers, which deprived him of the popularity his attainments and personality should have commanded. Its original owner made an exchange of Belltrees for other properties with W. C. Wentworth. In 1848 Wentworth leased the estate to Messrs. J. F. and H. White, and in June, 1853, they purchased it from him. The new owners subsequently added to Belltrees the adjoining station of Ellerston, running to the headwaters of the Hunter, and Waverley, situated on the Isis and Page Rivers. Belltrees was a celebrated pastoral holding even before the Whites acquired it. In the early eighteen-forties&mdash;when W. C. Wentworth owned it&mdash;it is on record that 180,000 sheep were shorn there, being brought from Cassilis, Kickerbill, Coolah, Gammon Plains and other stations to be washed and shorn. At that time wool was always washed on the sheep's back, and facilities for washing were particularly good at Belltrees. Thirty years ago Belltrees contained an area of 160,000 acres of secured land, but sales in the meantime have reduced the total to something less than 100,000 acres. The country consists of small river and creek flats backed by abruptly rising ridges, which lead up to the higher spurs or offshoots of the Main, or Liverpool, Range. The land towards the head of the creeks is rough, and was originally covered with a dense growth of timber, which has gradually been killed off by ringbarking. Some of the small flats are formed of the richest soil, and are well adapted for lucerne growing. They have been extensively used for this purpose. The lower lands have been found more suitable for cattle, whilst the higher are devoted to sheep; the basalt country, occurring at a height of about 2,500 feet, is eminently favourable to the production of high-class merino wool. These high lands are covered with good natural grasses right to their summits, which run up to 4,000 feet; the whole estate carrying stock equal to a sheep to the acre in all seasons. The country has proved itself wonderfully suited to merino wool production, and the high quality of the wool produced bears constant testimony to this fact. The Belltrees clip was formerly sold in London, but has for many years now been offered in Sydney, and has always commanded high values, on more than one occasion obtaining the season's record price. In early days the wool obtained a high reputation for its length, quality and "soft handling." It was specially sought after by the world's buyers. In 1880, 18½d. was reached for 54 bales&mdash;this being the highest price obtained for Belltrees wool up to that time. However, in September, 1916, during a war-time wool boom, Belltrees wool sold in Sydney to 23½d. per lb. in the grease for 31 bales. The firm of H. E. A. and V. White, which has owned Belltrees for many years, took over the estate in 1889. The partners were H. L. White, W. E. White, A. G. White and Victor White, who were the sons of the late Francis White, of Edinglassie, Muswellbrook. He was a son of the original James White, the owner of Edinglassie and Timor&mdash;the man who brought the merino sheep out for the A.A. Company in 1825. In the tumbled ranges of the Upper Hunter there are many high peaks and quite respectable hills. It is a rough country with a jagged skyline, and much of it may be fallen "off" rather than "down." Great indigo humps of mountains that look like the backs of sleeping camels, or elephants, stand out against the orange of the dawn. Sharply-cut pinnacles, with uniform curves of slope, pierce the blue sky in the glare of midday. Under the glittering stars, long black ramparts wall the wide glens and the narrow. It is a land of climbing and descending, of great rises and little rises, broad valleys and steep-sided ravines, and a thousand patterns upon the excrescences of this whirling globe we live on. Mount Murulla, Tingaroo, Mount Dangar, Mount Royal&mdash;you may see each of them from the summit of each&mdash;are mighty and stately guardians of the landscape, standing like big blue policemen in the crowded mob of mountains. But there is none of them so big, so stately, and so massively dignified as the mighty mound of Woollooma, looming magnificently over the lovely valley in which Belltrees lies. When the writer last saw Belltrees it seemed to him that it might almost be described as the perfect example of the perfect station. It is fifteen years since the great man who made the old station what it is passed away&mdash;the late H. L. White&mdash;but the place that was his life's work will always remain an abiding memorial to the man so affectionately nicknamed in the district, "The King of the Upper Hunter." There is nothing of exaggeration in writing in this way about Belltrees. But you must know something of stations, either to say such a thing or to be able to appreciate its truth for yourself. You must have seen them in many sorts and sizes. If you have, and you should ever come to travel up the Hunter towards its sources, and pass through the many miles of Belltrees&mdash;or that once belonged to it, for much of the big run has been alienated in recent years&mdash;you will recognise the fact that this fine holding as nearly attains a pastoral ideal as it is possible for any place to do. You will discover nothing wrong with it&mdash;from gate-fastenings to woolshed, from boundary-riders' cottages to sheep-yards, from the station store to the harvesting machinery. The Whites of the Hunter Valley have all been remarkable for a certain sort of genius in station management, but it is safe to say that in none of them has this genius been so evident as in the late H. L. White, who had the great estate under his control, in association with his brothers, for over forty years. Perhaps there is no better view to be had of Woollooma than from the head station at Belltrees. Five miles away, in a more or less easterly direction, its high mass towers solidly into the sky. It is a flat-topped kop, something like Table Mountain, behind Cape Town, and a sheer precipice near the summit gives it, also, a resemblance to Mount Wellington in Tasmania. Looking at it from Belltrees you are just far enough away to get its true perspective, but unless you stand upon another of the heights in the surrounding ranges&mdash;say, on Mount Murulla, twenty-five miles away at Wingen&mdash;you will not be best able to realise its relative size in comparison with its brother mountains in this part of New South Wales. The top of Murulla is 4,171 feet above sea level, and Woollooma is about 1,000 feet higher. But it is a bigger, more massive mountain than Murulla, irrespective of height, because it has a broader base and a wider top. In every way it is more burly. When the writer ascended the mountain over a score of years ago, he drove in a motor-car along a bush road to a spot near the foot of the great mound, where a selector on Belltrees waited to ride with him, and show him the way to the top. It was a pleasure to make the ascent of the big mountain in the company of such a fine specimen of the Hunter River native as Donald McPhee, and it was evident that he thought as much of the Belltrees people as they did of him. Such relations between "cocky" and squatter are only too rare in these days&mdash;but they usedn't to be so uncommon in this part of the world as elsewhere. Woollooma is easy to climb&mdash;on the back of a good horse. You may ride the whole way up&mdash;unless you wish to look out from the north-eastern corner, which is a few hundred feet higher than the general level of the summit. For many years the mountain has been a forest reserve, and has never been ringbarked, so that there is not so much of the dead timber lying about its spurs and slopes that makes present-day mountain riding a more difficult business than it used to be. After a long experience of Mount Murulla, the ascent of Woollooma seemed almost like a saunter in a park. We climbed an easily rising spur that led us up to the left of the basalt precipice&mdash;the position of the "Organ Pipes" of Mount Wellington&mdash;that stands out on the western face of Woollooma, like a dark scar, below the crest. And then we came out on the edge of the mountain&mdash;and one almost gasped at the grandeur, beauty and immensity of the view. One has been on higher mountains, and has looked down on the world from aeroplanes that were considerably more elevated than 5,000 feet, but never had one seen a prospect more to his liking. That might have been, of course, because one knew the surrounding country well, and seemed to be enjoying the recognition of old friends in many peaks and heights that stood up out of the chaotic ranges against the clear blue of the sky. But it was, indeed, a noble outlook. To the west and the south and the north the prospect is a very wide one. The most distant skylines are, maybe, a hundred miles away, and in between lies a beautiful and varied countryside. Singleton, Muswellbrook, Aberdeen, Scone, Murrurundi&mdash;though not all actually visible&mdash;are easily located. The courses of the Hunter and half a score of its tributaries are readily discernible. Immediately below lie the rich lands of Belltrees, and from the top of Woollooma it is most possible to realise what a splendid place it is. On the southern end of the wide plateau there occurs a curious and interesting botanical feature. A forest of tall stringybarks grows near the edge of the mountain, and it is made up of a variety that is found only in one other place in New South Wales, down to the Monaro. They are Tasmanian stringybarks&mdash;tall and noble trees that overtop the local specimens of their kind by scores of feet. The reason for their being here is probably that at this elevation they find a climate resembling that of their own southern island. For even on a hot day the top of Woollooma is as cool and fresh as you will find the climate in the valleys of the Derwent and the Tamar. Excepting Kosciusko, and one or two of his mates, there are no higher mountains in New South Wales than the big fellow who stands guard over Belltrees. It is sometimes the case that objects of the greatest interest to visitors to any locality are not regarded as being in any way impressive by those who have always lived close at hand to them. The writer has encountered Cockneys who have never been inside Westminster Abbey or the Tower of London. There are plenty of people in Sydney who have never seen the Jenolan Caves&mdash;doubtless, there are a good many who live on the Blue Mountains themselves who have not troubled to go across and take a look at them. Proximity and familiarity with the tradition that they have always been handy, and always will be, accounts for such neglect of things that outsiders travel expensively many miles to behold. They are available at any time. It is a variation of the proverb about a prophet having no honour in his own country, but means the same thing. However, such is not the case with Mount Woollooma. Everybody in the Upper Hunter district takes a pride in the big mountain. Most people can pick it out, as it looms above its fellows, from any point from which it is visible. It cannot be said to be neglected by the people who live close beside it, although many of them may never have climbed to its summit and enjoyed the splendid prospect it is possible to behold therefrom. It has all the local honour it could desire if it were a sentient entity. And for proof of this, witness the Seal of the Shire of the Upper Hunter. It is nothing more nor less than a picture of Mount Woollooma. JUST below the old town of Scone, near the top of the Valley, a beautiful she-oak shaded rivulet empties itself into the Hunter River, after meandering down a fertile vale which has its upper end in Warland's Range&mdash;the long spur of Mount Murulla running eastward from the great mountain which dominates all the scenery of this part of the world, as Woollooma does that of the main river at and about Belltrees, twenty-five miles away in a south-easterly direction. It is one of those water-hole-and-rapid streamlets that are such characteristic features of the rough country through which the tributary valleys of the Upper Hunter approach the main one&mdash;too small to be called a river, but just large enough to be a typical Australian creek in mountainous country. Its charms, and those of the lands through which it flows, are obvious to all who go that way. But it has a place, also, in the pioneering of the Commonwealth that entitles it to more than passing notice. As we have already seen in previous chapters, when the first pioneers from the Hawkesbury crossed the ranges separating the watersheds of that river and the Hunter in March, 1820, and came down on to Patrick's Plains&mdash;of which rich area of land the town of Singleton is the civic centre&mdash;they opened up a new tract of country to settlement which was not long in being occupied. Already the march of civilisation had progressed as far up the Hunter as the district of Wallis Plains (Maitland), and in the course of a few years the wide valley lying between the Wollombi Ranges and the mountainous country northward of them began to be occupied by cattle stations and sheep runs. Some famous old-time holdings came into existence, of which such estates as Castle Forbes, Ravensworth, St. Helier's, Segenhoe and Belltrees were representative. Muswellbrook got itself established as a district centre, and before long Scone became the outpost of Government of the country on the lower side of the Liverpool Range. Page's River, which was the first name by which the settlement of Murrurundi was generally referred to, was the ultimate outpost. Over the range above that pretty town nestling in its lovely valley, lay the No Man's Land of the vast plains extending away to the north and nor'-west. The summit of the Divide marked the boundary, in this part of the country, of the Nineteen Counties, outside the limits of which all those who occupied the land and depastured herds and flocks of cattle and sheep, were supposed to do so entirely at their own risk, and without the help and protection of Government. The pioneers might obtain licences to take up runs out there, but it was carefully impressed upon their understandings by the authorities in Sydney that they must rely altogether upon themselves for protection against whatever dangers threatened&mdash;the chief of which were the depredations of the aborigines and the lawless activities of the early class of bushrangers recruited from the runaway convicts who had absconded from their assigned service with the landholders of the Hunter. The track that led to this out-back country left the main valley of the Hunter near Scone, and followed the course of the Kingdon Ponds northward towards Mount Murulla. Through the narrowing plain of the valley at the mouth of which is situated Scone, it ran more or less beside the left bank of the creek, until it crossed the low range that divides the Kingdon Ponds from the watershed of the Page. Up a narrow gully under the big mountain's main spur it climbed over Warland's Range, and every settler, every head of horned stock, every sheep, and every hundredweight of supplies had to come this way. It was the first of the two gates&mdash;the other was at the summit of the main range&mdash;leading into the Liverpool Plains, and across them to the New England tableland and the country then vaguely described officially as "The Moreton Bay Territory," which is now Queensland. The Kingdon Ponds, for a distance of about 15 miles in a straight line from its mouth to its source, was the highway along which civilisation found its way to the northward of New South Wales, or, rather, to that part of the State which lies to the westward of the Great Dividing Range in the northern half of its area. And this is where the pretty, winding streamlet finds its place in Australian history. To the men and women who passed along that way more than a hundred years ago, it was a good deal more important, even, than it is to-day to those who have inherited the rich lands through which it winds its picturesque way towards the Tasman Sea. There is some vagueness as to the origin of the name "Kingdon Ponds," but the most probable explanation of it is that the stream was so called after an early settler on it named Kingdon, and that the "Ponds" part of it refers to its appearance in a time of drought when white men first became acquainted with it and its waterholes were unconnected&mdash;much in the same fashion that the famous old coaching inn standing on the Valley road between Muswellbrook and Singleton was referred to as "Chain-o'-Ponds." Whatever may be the case, however, the principal fame of the Valley lies in the fact that near its head is situated the only burning mountain in Australia. There is no doubt now as to its origin. The man who first saw the smoke from Mount Wingen ascending into the blue sky above the wooded ranges on the north-eastern side of the upper end of the Valley of the Kingdon Ponds was Dr. Little, of Cressfield, a holding which lies a trifle more than half way between Scone and Wingen. He was out hunting, one day in 1826, with some blackfellows, in the country to the northward of his station, and saw smoke rising from a hillside on the north-eastern slopes of the valley. The blacks who were with him told the Doctor that it came from a burning mountain which they called "Wingen." ("Wingen," in those parts, is the native name for "fire.") In December, 1831, while on his expedition out into the Liverpool Plains country in search of a supposed navigable river&mdash;the Kindur&mdash;Sir Thomas Mitchell investigated Mount Wingen as he passed up the valley. He camped a little below the present site of the village of Wingen, on a fine waterhole in the Kingdon Ponds&mdash;probably on what is now the Cliffdale estate&mdash;and his description, together with that of Mr. Wilton, fixes the exact position of the fire when the burning mountain first became known to white men, 116 years ago. The date on the plan survey which illustrates his observations is "1829," so presumably he had visited the place before, not long after it had been discovered by Dr. Little. In the old days this country was cattle country, but up here at the head of the Kingdon Ponds Valley, the cattle days are gone for ever. The beasts of a herd receive more "spoon feeding" than they used to get eighty or ninety years ago. The holdings are all fenced, the runs paddocked, and the saleyards only a dozen miles away, or, if they are further off, the railway carries stock to them safely and expeditiously. No more do all hands attend the big musters, camping out for weeks along the rivers and in the ranges, whilst the work of sorting out the different station brands as carried on the cattle goes on. There are no wild cattle running in the inaccessible fastnesses of the ranges, and the brumbies have all gone, too. The mountain sides are still steep, and the gullies deep and rugged, and fine horsemanship is called for on occasion; but there is nothing to-day like that which was the pride of the old hands. Horsemanship then was a necessity&mdash;now it is an accomplishment. In the 'sixties and 'seventies of the last century the country in the Upper Hunter started to be stocked with sheep, and everywhere wire fencing began to divide and block the open territory that used to stretch, free of artificial hindrance, almost from Port Stephens to the Gulf of Carpentaria. It was a period of change that utterly altered the whole spirit of the countryside. In place of the wide, inter-related life of the old cattle stations, the somewhat parochial interests of the sheep men rendered the bush more a place of routine and hard toil than it had been in the old days, when practically all the work of the average pastoral establishment was confined to musterings and brandings, and the droving of fat stock to distant markets. The boundary-riders took the place of the stockmen. All the old conditions retreated further back, or out into the newly pioneered country in Queensland. Save in a few cases, all the cattle men became sheep men, and the shearer became a power in the land. With Sir John Robertson's "free selection before survey," most of the big stations in these parts were broken up, and, undoubtedly to the benefit of the country at large, the small man came to stay. But to us of the present generation those old days must ever be invested with an atmosphere of romance that is not so easily discoverable in these of Shire Councils and Pasture Protection Boards. Without too much of the praise of times past, it is impossible not to feel that they were wider, freer, pleasanter times than these. The coaches rolled leisurely to the seaboard, little steam packets of a few hundred tons almost drifted down to Sydney; along the roads were good inns, conducted upon Old Country principles, and travel was a process in which time was of the smallest account. Everyone knew everyone else in the district&mdash;there was a spirit of good-fellowship abroad in the land. These days are reckoned democratic in Australia, but there was a truer democracy in the old bush life than will ever come again in the Commonwealth. As the hearty freedom of the bush is in contrast now with the conventions and restrictions of the city, so is present-day country life in contrast with that of a couple of generations ago. The valley to the right of Scone, leading up to the source of the Hunter in the high tableland where the Manning and the Namoi also find their beginnings, is the real Hunter Valley, but it was along the Kingdon Ponds that the tide of progress and settlement in northern New South Wales ebbed and flowed up and down the Great North Road until the coming of the Iron Horse, in the 'sixties and 'seventies of the last century, definitely established the track beside the little murmuring brook as one of the main trade routes of Australasia. The big estates of the cattle men began to be divided into farms and small holdings, whose multiplication along the valley of the Hunter and those of its tributaries meant the settlement of a permanent and progressive population in the fruitful territories that had formerly been but inadequately used in the more or less haphazard grazing of comparative handfuls of cattle and sheep. The tiny village settlements grew into considerable towns. Dairying began to take the place of grazing. And now, instead of the oak-lined windings of the Kingdon Ponds, meandering through the unfenced areas of old St. Aubin's Station, the pretty creek twists and turns down the valley between prosperous farmsteads and thriving agricultural establishments. In the churchyards at Muswellbrook, Scone and Murrurundi, across Warland's Range, lie the bones of the men and women who first came up the creek, and helped to make British Australasia. Their memory lies in every bend and in every tree-shaded waterhole of the Kingdon Ponds, and the sighing winds, murmuring through the she-oaks that line its fertile banks, whisper the stories of their useful lives. IN the previous chapter, describing the Valley of the Kingdon Ponds, passing reference was made to the Burning Mountain at Wingen, but as this curious geological "freak" is unique in Australia, if not in the world&mdash;there is something similar, on a much smaller scale, in England&mdash;a book about the Hunter Valley can hardly do without a chapter entirely devoted to Mount Wingen. And, inevitably, something personal to the writer and his people must come into it, for ever since 1838 some of the clan have been living round and about the 800-foot hill that has long possessed the courtesy title of "Mount." When the huge bulk of Mount Murulla opposite (4,171 feet) is contrasted with Mount Wingen, it is almost possible to regard the immediate neighbourhood of the Burning Mountain as flat country&mdash;which it isn't by any means, as you'd find out if you assisted to muster the Burning Mountain Paddock of the old Glengarry run for cattle or sheep. John Kingsmill Abbott&mdash;his brand was JKA&mdash;the writer's grandfather, bought 350 acres of land at Wingen, within about a mile of the Burning Mountain, in 1838. He afterwards leased Glengarry Station on the Page River, and when he died in 1847 his widow, Frances Amanda Abbott, carried it on as her own property with the assistance of an old Irish ex-convict stockman named Terence McMahon&mdash;legends of whom, as "Old Mac," still survive in the Wingen neighbourhood. "Mac" lived in his old age at Glengarry, honoured and respected, and maybe a little feared, by those whom he had worked with and for faithfully and well for more than a generation. A tough, indomitable Irishman, with a hot temper and a hotter vocabulary&mdash;his body was found just inside the boundary of the adjoining Waverly Station, whither he had ridden at the age of 80 odd to get some of his horses after a muster, in 1878. However, whether Mr. Wilton saw any indications of coal or not&mdash;and it is quite easy to miss them on the summit of the hill&mdash;the fact has long been established that the Burning Mountain is nothing else but the combustion of coal seams that extend to a very great depth. As has been mentioned in the preceding chapter, Mount Wingen was again visited in December, 1831, by an observer whose notes are of value. Major Mitchell's description of the Burning Mountain tallies generally with Mr. Wilton's, but the main value of his observations lies in the fact that he made a plan survey, and a sketch in elevation, of the ranges in which it is situated on the eastern side of the Kingdon Ponds Valley. So we are enabled to fix the exact position of the fire when Mount Wingen was first investigated by white men. The last quotation is from "Mount Wingen and the Wingen Coal Measures," by W. E. Abbott, whose observations of it extended over a long lifetime, and may be regarded, as has been stated, as the most authoritative of any yet made. The book was written at the request of his friend, H. L. White, of Belltrees, who had twenty-five copies printed for private circulation. To those who wish for a fuller and more competent account of Mount Wingen than is possible here, a copy is available in the Mitchell Library at Sydney. Mr. Abbott remembered it from the year 1852&mdash;a period of 72 years&mdash;and lived close beside it all his life. A deep knowledge of geology and mineralogy enabled him to speak with authority on all that concerns Mount Wingen and the country in which it is situated. In his book he goes very extensively into the geological aspect of the Burning Mountain, but beyond the above quotation and those which follow, there is not space here for any detail. The writer can remember the Burning Mountain for as long, almost, as he can remember anything&mdash;that is to say, for about 60 years. Since W. E. Abbott first saw it in 1852 it has only progressed about 80 yards. In the writer's recollection it has moved, roughly, about half that distance. Of late years, however&mdash;that is, during the last three decades&mdash;it has unmistakably begun to change its direction of advance, and is now taking rather a westerly than a southern course. The distance over which the fire can be traced as having moved&mdash;between the most northerly point on the burnt-out track over which it has travelled and its present position&mdash;is about a mile and three-quarters, or 3,080 yards. A very pretty and entertaining little sum in the rule of three now presents itself. If the fire burns 80 yards in 68 years, it would, assuming its rate of progress to have been constant, have been burning for some 2,518 years. But two considerations discount this estimate of the age of the Burning Mountain as such. The rate of progress may not have been constant&mdash;although it has been consistently so for over a century&mdash;and it may have started, say, in the middle of the present burnt-out area, and have worked both ways. But however you look at it, the very lowest estimate of the duration of the fire cannot reasonably have been less than 1,500 years, and there are many good grounds for supposing that it has been going on for even a much greater length of time than that. When the writer last visited the Little Burning Mountain, about 22 years ago, it was just the same length of time since he had previously seen it. Its position was in no way changed, but, so far as his memory served him, the vents had altered somewhat. There was a fissure in the slope of a ridge running westward from the dividing range of the Page River and Kingdon Ponds watersheds, which was a good 25 feet wide and about 15 feet high at its mouth. It was possible to see far down into the great crack. No vapour was rising from it&mdash;though it was said to steam in wet weather&mdash;but an intense heat and sulphurous gases eddied up from the bowels of the earth, so that it was not possible to go down into it for more than a yard or two. The fires far below were undoubtedly burning with a certain fierceness, though, as W. E. Abbott pointed out in his book, they were probably declining in intensity. Whenever the fire began, there can be little doubt that it started at some period before the birth of Christ, and that for at least 2,000 years it has been slowly eating out the coal seams deep down below the surface of the earth. It is no new thing. The blackfellows had no tradition of its origin&mdash;indeed, they preferred neither to mention nor discuss it, and did not like to go near it. Whether it had its beginnings geologically, or whether it commenced as the result of an ordinary bush fire, we shall never know, for there is no way of determining the question. It is one of those deep mysteries of this ancient and mysterious continent of ours which is unfathomable&mdash;as unfathomable as the origin of the bunyip tradition. THE village of Wingen lies five miles below the source of the Kingdon Ponds, and its height above sea level is about 1000 feet. Overhanging it is the great blue dome of Mount Murulla&mdash;always referred to locally as "The Murlow"&mdash;and the scenery everywhere in the neighbourhood is very beautiful and grand. The higher ranges, as has been mentioned before, are basaltic, and they are fringed about their bases by the remains of an ancient sedimentary deposit of sandstone and conglomerate belonging to the Hawkesbury series, waterworn and broken into craggy ravines and cliffs that lend colour and variety to the view from the middle of the narrowing valley. From a point just below Wingen, the end of a long tongue of rough mountain country, projecting southward like a cape or promontory, has the semblance of a giant seated female figure, and has long been famous in the district as "The Stone Woman of Wingen." In recent years the old North Road has been diverted eastward of the track it used to take over the crest of Warland's Range, and now ascends the divide between the Kingdon Ponds watershed and that of the Page River by a much easier gradient than the pioneers first used and is familiar to those who, like the writer, have known this country all their lives. After a steep ascent from the head of the valley, a long and gentle slope carried the road down to the village of Blandford, in the valley of the Page, four miles from the old-time town of Murrurundi&mdash;the new highway rejoins the older one close to Blandford&mdash;and about half-a-mile beyond the summit, on the left-hand side of the road as you go north, stands a sandstone obelisk which marks the scene of a bushranging tragedy of four-score years ago. The inscription on one of its faces tells the story&mdash; Wilson shot Clark through the heart whilst the latter was grappling with him, and was himself then rushed and disarmed by Clark's two companions. The highwayman was subsequently tried at Maitland, and hanged in East Maitland Gaol later in the year. Now the monument stands, unnoticed and forgotten, in one of the paddocks belonging to the Bickham estate, but to some of us who are growing old it was formerly the most important historical landmark of those parts. Riding over Warland's Range at night not a few contemporaries of this recorder of the tragedy&mdash;and possibly the recorder himself&mdash;have spurred their horses into a gallop past the site of the obelisk, so that they would not be compelled fearfully to witness a ghostly reproduction of the bloody drama. Whether anyone ever did claim to have seen Peter Clark's ghost is not clearly recollected by the writer, but when he was a lad that bit of the Great Northern Road was always supposed to be haunted. Murrurundi is possibly the most picturesquely situated town in the whole of the Hunter River district. High mountains wall in the valley of the Page on either side, and the fertile flats along the river are rich and green with beautiful farms and gardens. Somewhere about three miles westward of the town the highway crosses the Liverpool Range&mdash;which the railway pierces by means of a long tunnel&mdash;after a winding climb up the flanks of the mountain. The actual divide is very narrow, and it used to be said that a man might stand upon the summit and spit into the Murray River to the westward and into the Tasman Sea to the east&mdash;figuratively, of course. From this elevated position, looking back down the valley, one of the most beautiful views is obtainable that it is possible to enjoy anywhere. Immediately below, on the western side, lies Doughboy Hollow, where Edward Denny Day, with his armed commando, fought and captured the Jewboy gang of bushrangers in 1840, as related in a previous chapter. And now, to bring this little book to a conclusion, we will go back to the old Coal River settlement at the mouth of the valley and take a glance at the Newcastle Packets as they navigate to and from the Hunter in this year of grace. But before we do that, we will consider the wharf where they berth themselves in the city of to-day. When you arrive in Port Hunter in the early morning by one of the Newcastle and Hunter River Company's steamers, and, having partaken of coffee and toast in your cabin, are about to go down the gangway on to the landing place, you may or may not be aware that you are about to step ashore on to the King's Wharf. That is the official address of the Company's headquarters in Newcastle, and it is a very old address&mdash;almost as old as the city itself&mdash;for the first wharf that bore the name was the one that ranked as the property of His Majesty, King George the Third. There has been a King's Wharf in Port Hunter from the very earliest days of British settlement there, and probably always will be. Roughly speaking, it is nowadays that stretch of quayside lying between a point opposite to the Custom House and the landing-place to the westward of the Newcastle and Hunter River Company's sheds where the passenger ferry to Stockton, over on the north side of the harbour, takes its departure&mdash;but the first wharf ever constructed on the Hunter was a wooden jetty sticking out into the estuary, at right angles to the shore, somewhere about the eastern end of that length of riverside. There, in the very early days, was the official landing-place for all the people and goods that came to and went from Newcastle. It is on to the position of that beach that you step ashore to-day when landing from the steamer that has carried you from Sydney. If you look at the amount of cargo, inward and outward, that rests temporarily on the King's Wharf to-day, you will be able to form some idea of the enormous value of the commodities that have been received into and despatched from the Port of Newcastle during the century-and-more since the King's Wharf of George III came into existence. Pretty well every conceivable article of commerce is dumped daily upon the stout decking of the wharf, from household furniture to mining machinery, from haberdashery to caterpillar tractors, from lucerne-hay to sewing machines. Marshal Blucher's remark when he first looked out over London might well be paraphrased by anyone observing a day's activities on this busy quayside into, "Oh, what a wharf to loot!" Both vessels are equipped with water-tube boilers fired by mechanical stokers, and are the first and so far the only vessels of the Australian merchant service to employ this means of firing their boilers. They each have accommodation for 12 passengers in deck cabins. With this brief mention of the present-day Newcastle Packets we will bring their long story, and the story of the Valley they have so well served for more than a hundred years, to an end&mdash;very conscious that so superficial an outline of the history of both is somewhat inadequate. The ships running in the trade between Sydney and Newcastle have helped to develop and serve one of the richest provinces in the Australian Commonwealth, and one with a story that might have been more fully told. However, as has been remarked at its beginning, the author of this book is a Hunter River native, and although he doesn't actually hate other people who were not born on the banks of the old river, and only feels sorry for them, he hopes that his prejudices in its favour may not have led him to exaggerate its excellences as a countryside that counts for much in the story of Australia. He can only hope that the reader may have an opportunity of seeing the Hunter Valley for himself or herself, and may have the good sense to navigate to the mouth of the river by one of the Newcastle Packets.