&nbsp; Her room was on the ground floor of the house we mutually inhabited, and mine directly above it, so that my opportunities for seeing her were limited to short glimpses of her auburn head as she leaned out of the window to close her shutters at night or open them in the morning. Yet our chance encounter in the hall or on the walk in front, had made so deep an impression upon my sensibilities that I was never without the vision of her pale face set off by the aureole of reddish brown hair, which, since my first meeting with her, had become for me the symbol of everything beautiful, incomprehensible and strange. For my fellow-lodger was a mystery. I am a busy man now, but just at the time of which I speak, I had leisure in abundance. I was sharing with many others the unrest of the perilous days subsequent to the raid of John Brown at Harper&rsquo;s Ferry. Abraham Lincoln had been elected President. Baltimore, where the incidents I am relating transpired, had become the headquarters of men who secretly leagued themselves in antagonism to the North. Men and women who felt that their Northern brethren had grievously wronged them planned to undermine the stability of the government. The schemes at this time were gigantic in their conception and far-reaching in their scope and endless ramifications. Naturally under these conditions, a consciousness of ever-present danger haunted every thinking mind. The candor of the outspoken was regarded with doubt, and the reticence of the more cautious, with distrust. It was a trying time for sensitive, impressionable natures with nothing to do. Perhaps all this may account for the persistency with which I sat in my open window. I was thus sitting one night&mdash;a memorable one to me&mdash;when I heard a sharp exclamation from below, in a voice I had long listened for. Any utterance from those lips would have attracted my attention; but, filled as this was with marked, if not extraordinary, emotion, I could not fail to be roused to a corresponding degree of curiosity and interest. Thrusting out my head, I cast a rapid glance downward. A shutter swinging in the wind, and the escaping figure of a man hurrying round the corner of the street, were all that rewarded my scrutiny; though, from the stream of light issuing from the casement beneath, I perceived that her window, like my own, was wide open. As I continued to watch this light, I saw her thrust out her head with an eagerness indicative of great excitement. Peering to right and left, she murmured some suppressed words mixed with gasps of such strong feeling that I involuntarily called out: &ldquo;Excuse me, madam, have you been frightened in any way by the man I saw running away from here a moment ago?&rdquo; She gave a great start and glanced up. I see her face yet&mdash;beautiful, wonderful; so beautiful and so wonderful I have never been able to forget it. Meeting my eye, she faltered out: &ldquo;Did you see a man running away from here? Oh, sir, if I might have a word with you!&rdquo; I came near leaping directly to the pavement in my ardor and anxiety to oblige her, but, remembering before it was too late that she was neither a Juliet nor I a Romeo, I merely answered that I would be with her in a moment and betook myself below by the less direct but safer means of the staircase. It was a short one and I was but a moment in descending, but that moment was long enough for my heart to acquire a most uncomfortable throb, and it was with anything but an air of quiet self-possession that I approached the threshold I had never before dared to cross even in fancy. The door was open and I caught one glimpse of her figure before she was aware of my presence. She was contemplating her right hand with a look of terror, which, added to her striking personality, made her seem at the instant a creature of alarming characteristics fully as capable of awakening awe as devotion. I may have given some token of the agitation her appearance awakened, for she turned towards me with sudden vehemence. &ldquo;Oh!&rdquo; she cried, with a welcoming gesture; &ldquo;you are the gentleman from up-stairs who saw a man running away from here a moment ago. Would you know that man if you saw him again?&rdquo; &ldquo;I am afraid not,&rdquo; I replied. &ldquo;He was only a flying figure in my eyes.&rdquo; &ldquo;Oh!&rdquo; she moaned, bringing her hands together in dismay. But, immediately straightening herself, she met my regard with one as direct as my own. &ldquo;I need a friend,&rdquo; she said, &ldquo;and I am surrounded by strangers.&rdquo; I made a move towards her; I did not feel myself a stranger. But how was I to make her realize the fact? &ldquo;If there is anything I can do,&rdquo; I suggested. Her steady regard became searching. &ldquo;I have noticed you before to-night,&rdquo; she declared, with a directness devoid of every vestige of coquetry. &ldquo;You seem to have qualities that may be trusted. But the man capable of helping me needs the strongest motives that influence humanity: courage, devotion, discretion, and a total forgetfulness of self. Such qualifications cannot be looked for in a stranger.&rdquo; As if with these words she dismissed me from her thoughts, she turned her back upon me. Then, as if recollecting the courtesy due even to strangers, she cast me an apologetic glance over her shoulder and hurriedly added: &ldquo;I am bewildered by my loss. Leave me to the torment of my thoughts. You can do nothing for me.&rdquo; Had there been the least evidence of falsity in her tone or the slightest striving after effect in her look or bearing, I would have taken her at her word and left her then and there. But the candor of the woman and the reality of her emotion were not to be questioned, and moved by an impulse as irresistible as it was foolhardy, I cried with the impetuosity of my twenty-one years: &ldquo;I am ready to risk my life for you. Why, I do not know and do not care to ask. I only know you could have found no other man so willing to do your bidding.&rdquo; A smile, in which surprise was tempered by a feeling almost tender, crossed her lips and immediately vanished. She shook her head as if in deprecation of the passion my words evinced, and was about to dismiss me, when she suddenly changed her mind and seized upon the aid I had offered, with a fervor that roused my sense of chivalry and deepened what might have been but a passing fancy into an active and all-engrossing passion. &ldquo;I can read faces,&rdquo; said she, &ldquo;and I have read yours. You will do for me what I cannot do for myself, but&mdash;Have you a mother living?&rdquo; I answered no; that I was very nearly without relatives or ties. &ldquo;I am glad,&rdquo; she said, half to herself. Then with a last searching look, &ldquo;Have you not even a sweetheart?&rdquo; I must have reddened painfully, for she drew back with a hesitating and troubled air; but the vigorous protest I hastened to make seemed to reassure her, for the next word she uttered was one of confidence. &ldquo;I have lost a ring.&rdquo; She spoke in a low but hurried tone. &ldquo;It was snatched from my finger as I reached out my hand to close my shutters. Some one must have been lying in wait; some one who knows my habits and the hour at which I close my window for the night. The loss I have sustained is greater than you can conceive. It means more, much more, than appears. To the man who will bring me back that ring direct from the hand that stole it, I would devote the gratitude of a lifetime. Are you willing to make the endeavor? It is a task I cannot give to the police.&rdquo; This request, so different from any I had expected, checked my enthusiasm in proportion as it awoke a senseless jealousy. &ldquo;Yet it seems directly in their line,&rdquo; I suggested, seeing nothing but humiliation before me if I attempted the recovery of a simple love-token. &ldquo;I know that it must seem so to you,&rdquo; she admitted, reading my thoughts and answering them with skilful indirectness. &ldquo;But what policeman would undertake a difficult and minute search for an article whose intrinsic value would not reach five dollars?&rdquo; &ldquo;Then it is only a memento,&rdquo; I stammered, with very evident feeling. &ldquo;Only a memento,&rdquo; she repeated; &ldquo;but not of love. Worthless as it is in itself, it would buy everything I possess, and almost my soul to-night. I can explain no further. Will you attempt its recovery?&rdquo; Restored to myself by her frank admission that it was no lover&rsquo;s keepsake I was urged to recapture and return, I allowed the powerful individuality of this woman to have its full effect upon me. Taking in with one glance her beauty, the impassioned fervor of her nature, and the subtle charm of a spirit she now allowed to work its full spell upon me, I threw every practical consideration to the winds, and impetuously replied: &ldquo;I will endeavor to regain this ring for you. Tell me where to go, and whom to attack, and if human wit and strength can compass it, you shall have the jewel back before morning. &ldquo;Oh!&rdquo; she protested, &ldquo;I see that you anticipate a task of small difficulty. You cannot recover this particular ring so easily as that. In the first place, I do not in the least know who took it; I only know its destination. Alas! if it is allowed to reach that destination, I am bereft of hope.&rdquo; &ldquo;No love token,&rdquo; I murmured, &ldquo;and yet your whole peace depends on its recovery.&rdquo; &ldquo;More than my peace,&rdquo; she answered; and with a quick movement she closed the door which I had left open behind me. As its sharp bang rang through the room, I realized into what a pitfall I had stumbled. Only a political intrigue of the most desperate character could account for the words I had heard and the actions to which I had been a witness. But I was in no mood to recoil even from such dangers as these, and so my look showed her as she leaned toward me with the words: &ldquo;Listen! I am burdened with a secret. I am in this house, in this city, for a purpose. The secret is not my own and I cannot part with it; neither is my purpose communicable. You therefore will be obliged to deal with the greatest dangers blindfold. One encouragement only I can give you. You will work for good ends. You are pitted against wrong, not right, and if you succumb, it will be in a cause you yourself would call noble. Do I make myself understood, Mr.&mdash;Mr. &mdash;&rdquo; &ldquo;Abbott,&rdquo; I put in, with a bow. She took the bow for an affirmative, as indeed I meant she should. &ldquo;You do not recoil,&rdquo; she murmured, &ldquo;not even when I say that you must take no third party into your confidence, no matter to what extremity you are brought.&rdquo; &ldquo;I would not be the man I think I am, if I recoiled,&rdquo; I said, smiling. She waved her hand with almost a stern air. &ldquo;Swear!&rdquo; she commanded; &ldquo;swear that, from the moment you leave this door till you return to it, you will breathe no word concerning me, your errand, or even the oath I am now exacting from you.&rdquo; &ldquo;Now let us waste no more time,&rdquo; said she. &ldquo;In the large building on &mdash; Street there is an office with the name of Dr. Merriam on the door. See! I have written it on this card, so that there may be no mistake about it. That office is open to patients from ten in the morning until twelve at noon. During these hours any one can enter there; but to awaken no distrust, he should have some ailment. Have you not some slight disorder concerning which you might consult a physician?&rdquo; &ldquo;I doubt it,&rdquo; said I; &ldquo;but I might manufacture one.&rdquo; &ldquo;That would not do with Dr. Merriam. He is a skilful man; he would see through any imposture.&rdquo; &ldquo;I have a sick friend,&rdquo; I ruminated. &ldquo;And by the way, his case is obscure and curious. I could interest any doctor in it in five minutes.&rdquo; &ldquo;That is good; consult him in regard to your friend; meantime&mdash;while you are waiting for the interview, I mean&mdash;take notice of a large box you will find placed on a side-table. Do not seem to fix your attention on it, but never let it be really out of your sight from the moment the door is unlocked at ten till you are forced by the doctor&rsquo;s importunity to leave the room at twelve. If you are alone there for one minute (and you will be allowed to remain there alone if you show no haste to consult the doctor) unlock that box&mdash;here is the key&mdash;and look carefully inside. No one will interfere and no one will criticize you; there is more than one person who has access to that box.&rdquo; &ldquo;But&mdash;&rdquo; I put in. &ldquo;It does not seem a hopeful one,&rdquo; I admitted; &ldquo;but I am willing to undertake the adventure. What are its dangers? And why, if I see the ring on the finger you speak of, cannot I take it off and bring it back to you?&rdquo; Aghast at the mysterious perils she thus indicated in the path toward which she was urging me, I for one instant felt an impulse to retreat. But adventure of any kind has its allurements for an unoccupied youth of twenty-one, and when seasoned, as this was, by a romantic, if unreasonable, passion, proved altogether too irresistible for me to give it up. Laughing outright in my endeavor to throw off the surplus of my excitement, I drew myself up and uttered some fiery phrase of courage, which I doubt if she even heard. Then I said some word about the doctor, which she at once caught up. &ldquo;The doctor,&rdquo; said she, &ldquo;may know, and may not know, the mysteries of that box. I would advise you to treat him solely as a doctor. He who uses the key you now hold in your hand cannot be too wary; by which I mean too careful or too silent. Oh, that I dared to go there myself! But my agitation would betray me. Besides, my person is known, or this ring would never have been taken from me. &ldquo;I will be your deputy,&rdquo; I assured her. &ldquo;Have you any further instructions?&rdquo; &ldquo;No,&rdquo; said she; &ldquo;instructions are useless in an affair of this kind. Your actions must be determined by the exigencies of the moment. Meantime, my every thought will be yours. Good-night, sir; pray God, it may not be good-by.&rdquo; &ldquo;One moment,&rdquo; I said, as I arose to go. &ldquo;Have you any objection to telling me your name?&rdquo; &ldquo;I am Miss Calhoun,&rdquo; she said, with a graceful bow. This was the beginning of my formidable adventure with the bronze hand. The building mentioned by my new-found friend was well known to me. It was one of the kind in which every other office is unoccupied the year round. Such tenants as gave it the little air of usefulness it possessed were of the bad-pay kind. They gave little concern to their own affairs and less to those of their neighbors. The public avoided the building, and the tenants did nothing to encourage a change. In a populous city, on the corner made by frequented streets, it stood as much alone and neglected as if it were a ruin. Old or young eyes may have looked through its begrimed windows into the busy thoroughfare beneath, but none in the street ever honored the old place with a glance or thought. No one even wasted contempt upon its smoky walls, and few disturbed the accumulated dust upon the stairs or in the dimly-lighted hallways. Had a place been sought for wherein the utmost secrecy might be observed, surely this was that place. As I neared the door upon which I read the doctor&rsquo;s name, I found myself treading on tip-toe, so impressed had I become by a sense of caution, if not of dread. I had made every effort to be on hand at precisely ten o&rsquo;clock, and felt so sure that I had been the first to arrive that I reached out to the door-knob with every expectation of entering, unseen by any one, and possibly unheard. To my dismay, the first twist I gave it resulted in a rusty shriek that set my teeth on edge, and echoed down the gloomy hall. With my flesh creeping, I opened the door and passed into the doctor&rsquo;s outer room. It was far from being empty. Seated in chairs ranged along two sides of the room, I saw a dozen or more persons, male and female. All wore the preoccupied air that patients are apt to assume while awaiting their turn to be called by the doctor. One amongst the number made an effort at indifference by drawing out and pushing back a nail in the flooring with the sole of her pretty shoe. It may have been intended for coquetry, and at another time might have bewitched me; now it seemed strangely out of place. The man who was to all appearance counting the flies in the web of an industrious spider was more in keeping with the place, my feelings, and the atmosphere of despondency that the room gave out. As I had no doubt that the ring I was seeking was in the possession of some one of these persons, I gave each as minute an examination as was possible under the circumstances. Only two amongst them appeared open to suspicion. Of these, one was a young man whose naturally fine features would have prepossessed him in my favor had it not been for the peculiar alertness of his bright blue eye, which flashed incessantly in every direction till each and all of us seemed to partake of his restlessness and anxiety. Why was he not depressed? The other was the girl, or, rather, the young lady to whose pretty foot I have referred. If she was at all conspicuous, it was owing to the contrast between her beautiful face and the Quaker-like simplicity of her dress. She was restless also; her foot had ceased its action, but her hand moved constantly. Now it clutched its fellow in her lap, and now it ran in an oft-repeated action, seemingly beyond her control, up and down and round and round a plain but expensive leather bag she wore at her side. &ldquo;She carries the ring,&rdquo; thought I, sitting down in the chair next her. This was an unexpected move on her part, and I did not know what to make of it. Had I annoyed her by my scrutiny, or had she divined my errand? In my doubt, I consulted the face of the man I secretly thought to be her accomplice. It was non-committal, and, in my doubt as to the meaning of all this, I allowed myself to become interested in a pale young woman who had been sitting on the other side of the lady who had just left. She was evidently a patient who stood in great need of assistance. Her head hung feebly forward, and her whole figure looked ready to drop. Yet when a minute later the door of the inner office opened, and the doctor appeared on the sill in an expectant attitude, she made no attempt to rise, but pushed forward another woman who seemed less indisposed than herself. I had to compel myself to think of all I saw as being real and within my experience. Surprised by this action on the part of one so ill, I watched the pale girl for an instant, and almost forgot my mission in the compassion aroused by her sickly appearance. But soon that mission and my motive for being in this place were somewhat vividly recalled to me by an unexpected action on this very young woman&rsquo;s part. With the sudden movement of an acutely suffering person, she bounded from her seat and crossed the floor to where the box stood, gasping for breath, and almost falling against the table when she reached it. &ldquo;You are very ill, miss. Shall I summon the doctor?&rdquo; She was clutching the side of the table for support, and her head, drooping helplessly over the box, was swaying from side to side as she rocked to and fro in her pain. &ldquo;Thank you!&rdquo; she gasped, without turning, &ldquo;I will wait. I would rather wait.&rdquo; At that moment the doctor&rsquo;s door opened again. &ldquo;There he is now,&rdquo; said I. &ldquo;I will wait,&rdquo; she insisted. &ldquo;Let the others take their turn.&rdquo; Satisfied now that something besides pain caused her interest in the box, I drew back, asking myself whether she had been in possession of the ring from the beginning, or whether it had been passed to her by her restless neighbor. Meanwhile, another patient had disappeared into the adjoining room. A few minutes passed. The man with the restless eye began to fidget. Could it be that she was simply guarding the box, and that he was the one who wished to open it? As the doubt struck me, I surveyed her more attentively. She was certainly doing something besides supporting herself with that sly right hand of hers. Yes, that was a click I heard. She was fitting a key into the lock. Startled, but determined not to betray myself, I assumed an air of great patience, and, taking a memorandum book from my pocket, began to write in it. Meantime, the doctor had disposed of his second patient and had beckoned to a third. To my astonishment, my friend with the nervous manner responded, thus acquitting himself in my eyes from any interest in the box. The interview he had with the doctor lasted some time; meantime, the young woman in the window remained more or less motionless. When the fourth person left the room, she turned and cast a quick glance at myself and the other person present. I knew what it meant. She was anxious to be left alone in order to lift that mysterious lid. She was no more ill than I was. There was even a dash of color in her cheeks, and the trembling she indulged in was caused by great excitement and suspense, and not by pain. Compassion at once gave way to anger, and I inwardly resolved not to spare her if we came into conflict over the box. My companion was an old and non-observant man, who had come in after the rest of us. When the doctor again appeared, I motioned to this old man to follow him, which he very gladly did, leaving me alone with the pale girl. At once I got up, showing my fatigue and slightly yawning. &ldquo;This is very tedious,&rdquo; I muttered aloud, and stepped idly towards the door leading into the hall. The girl at the box could not restrain her impatience. She cast me another short glance. I affected not to see it; took out my watch, consulted it, put it back quickly and slipped out into the hall. As I closed the door behind me, I heard a slight creak. Instantly I was back again, and with so sudden a movement that I surprised her, with her face bent over the open box. &ldquo;Oh, my poor young lady,&rdquo; I exclaimed, springing towards her with every appearance of great concern. &ldquo;You do not look able to stand. Lean on me if you feel faint, and I will help you to a seat.&rdquo; She turned upon me in a fury, but, meeting my eye, assumed an air of composure, which did not impose upon me in the least, or prevent me from pressing close to her side and taking one look into the box, which she had evidently not had sufficient self-possession to close. &ldquo;What an odd thing to find in a physician&rsquo;s office!&rdquo; I exclaimed. &ldquo;Beautiful, is it not? An unusual work of art; but there is nothing in it to alarm you. You shouldn&rsquo;t allow yourself to be frightened at such a thing as that.&rdquo; And with a quick action, she was wholly powerless to prevent, I shut down the lid, which closed with a snap. Startled and greatly discomposed, she drew back, hastily thrusting her hand behind her. &ldquo;You are very officious,&rdquo; she began, but, seeing nothing but good nature in the smile with which I regarded her, she faltered irresolutely, and finally took refuge again in her former trick of invalidism. Breaking out into low moanings, she fell back upon the nearest chair, from which she immediately started again with the quick cry, &ldquo;Oh, how I suffer! I am not well enough to be out alone.&rdquo; And turning with a celerity that belied her words, she fled into the hall, shutting the door violently behind her. Astonished at the completeness of my victory, I spent the first moments of triumph in trying to lift the lid of the box. But it was securely locked. I was just debating whether I could now venture to return to my seat, when the hall door reopened and a gentleman entered. He was short, sturdy and had a bristling black mustache. I needed to look at him but once to be certain he was interested both in the box and me, and, while I gave no evidence of my discovery, I prepared myself for an adventure of a much more serious nature than that which had just occupied me. Modeling my behavior upon that of the young girl whose place I had usurped, I placed my elbow on the box and looked out of the window. As I did so I heard a shuffling in the adjoining room, and knew that in another moment the doctor would again appear at the door to announce that he was ready for another patient. How could I evade the summons? The man behind me was a determined one. He was there for the purpose of opening the box, and would not be likely to leave the room while I remained in it. How, then, could I comply with the requirements of the situation and yet prevent this new-comer from lifting the lid in my absence? I knew of but one way&mdash;a way which had suggested itself to me during the long watches of the previous night, and which I had come prepared to carry out. Taking advantage of my proximity to the box, I inserted in the keyhole a small morsel of wax which for some minutes past I had been warming in my hand. This done, I laid my hat down on the lid, noting with great exactness as I did so just where its rim lay in reference to the various squares and scrolls with which the top was ornamented. By this means I felt that I might know if the hat were moved in my absence. The doctor having showed himself by this time, I followed him into his office with a calmness born of the most complete confidence in the strategy I had employed. Dr. Merriam, whom I have purposely refrained from describing until now, was a tall, well-made man, with a bald head and a pleasant eye, but careless in his attire and bearing. As I met that eye and responded to his good-natured greeting, I inwardly decided that his interest in the box was much less than his guardianship of it would seem to betoken. And when I addressed him and entered upon the subject of my friend&rsquo;s complaint, I soon saw by the depth of his professional interest that whatever connection he might have with the box, neither that nor any other topic whatever could for a moment vie with his delight in a new and strange case like that of my poor friend. I consequently entered into the medical details demanded of me with a free mind and succeeded in getting some very valuable advice, for which I was of course truly grateful. As soon as this was accomplished I took my leave, but not by the usual door of egress. Saying that I had left my hat in the ante-room, I bowed my acknowledgments to the doctor and returned the way I came. But not without meeting with a surprise. There was still but one person in the room with the box, but that person was not the man with the bristling mustache and determined eye whom I had expected to find there. It was the pretty, Quaker-like girl who had formerly aroused my suspicions; and though she sat far from the box, a moment&rsquo;s glance at her flushed face and trembling hands assured me she had but that moment left it. Going at once to the box, I saw that my hat had been moved. But more significant still was the hairpin lying on the floor at my feet, with a morsel of wax sticking to one of its points. This was conclusive. The man had discovered why his key would not work, and had called to his aid the young lady, who had evidently been waiting in the hall outside. She had tried to pick out the wax&mdash;a task in which I had happily interrupted her. Proud of the success of my device, and satisfied that the danger was over for that day (it being well on to twelve o&rsquo;clock), I said a few words more to the doctor, who had followed me into the room, and then prepared to take my departure. But the young lady was more agile than I. Saying something about a very pressing engagement which would not allow her to consult the doctor that day, she hurried ahead of me and ran quickly down the long hall. The doctor looked astonished, but dismissed the matter with a shrug; while, with the greatest desire to follow her, I stood hesitating on the threshold, when my eye fell on a small object lying under the chair on which she had been sitting. It was the little leathern bag I had seen hanging at her side. Catching it up, I explained that I would run after the young lady and restore it; and glad of an excuse which would enable me to follow her through the streets without risking the suspicion of impropriety, I hastened down the stairs and happily succeeded in reaching the pavement before her skirts whisked round the corner. I was therefore but a few paces behind her, which distance I took good care to preserve. My motive in following this young girl was not so much to restore her property, as to see where her engagement was taking her. I felt confident that none of the three persons who had shown interest in the box was the prime mover in an affair so important; and it was necessary above all things to find out who the prime mover was. So I followed the girl. She led me into a doubtful quarter of the town. As the crowd between us diminished and we reached a point where we were the only pedestrians on the block we were then traversing, I grew anxious lest she should turn and see me before arriving at her destination. But she evidently was without suspicion, for she passed without any hesitation up a certain stoop in the middle of this long block and entered an open door on which a brass plate was to be seen, inscribed with this one word in large black letters: &ldquo;MADAME.&rdquo; This was odd; and as I had no inclination to encounter any &ldquo;madame&rdquo; without some hint as to her character and business, I looked about me for some one able and willing to give me the necessary information. An upholsterer&rsquo;s shop in an opposite basement seemed to offer me the opportunity I wanted. Crossing the street, I saluted the honest-looking man I met in the doorway, and pointing out madame&rsquo;s house, asked what was done over there. He answered with a smile. &ldquo;Go and see,&rdquo; he said; &ldquo;the door&rsquo;s open. Oh, they don&rsquo;t charge anything,&rdquo; he made haste to protest, misunderstanding, no doubt, my air of hesitation. &ldquo;I was in there once myself. They all sit round and she talks; that is, if she feels like it. It is all nonsense, you know, sir; no good in it.&rdquo; &ldquo;But is there any harm?&rdquo; I asked. &ldquo;Is the place reputable and safe?&rdquo; &ldquo;Oh, safe enough; I never heard of anything going wrong there. Why, ladies go there; real ladies; veiled, of course. I have seen two carriages at a time standing in front of that door. Fools, to be sure, sir; but honest enough, I suppose.&rdquo; I needed no further encouragement. Recrossing the street, I entered the house which stood so invitingly open, and found myself almost immediately in a large hall, from which I was ushered by a silent negress into a long room with so dim and mysterious an interior that I felt like a man suddenly transported from the bustle of the out-door world into the mystic recesses of some Eastern temple. The causes of this effect were simple, A dim light suggesting worship; the faint scent of slowly burning incense; women and men sitting on low benches about the walls. In the center, on a kind of raised dais, backed by a drapery of black velvet, a woman was seated, in the semblance of a Hindoo god, so nearly did her heavy, compactly crouched figure, wound about with Eastern stuffs and glistening with gold, recall the images we are accustomed to associate with the worship of Vishnu. Her face, too, so far as it was visible in the subdued light, had the unresponsiveness of carven wood, and if not exactly hideous of feature, had in it a strange and haunting quality calculated to impress a sensitive mind with a sense of implacable fate. Cruel, hard, passionless, and yet threatening to a degree, must this countenance have seemed to those who willingly subjected themselves to its baneful influence. I was determined not to be one of these, and yet I had not regarded her for two minutes before I found myself forgetting the real purpose of my visit, and taking a seat with the rest, in anticipation of something for which as yet I had no name, even in my own mind. How long I sat there motionless I do not know. A spell was on me&mdash;a spell from which I suddenly roused with a start. Why or through what means I do not know. Nobody else had moved. Fearing a relapse into this trance-like state, I made a persistent effort to be freed from its dangers. Happily the full signification of my errand there burst upon me. Finding myself really awake, I ventured to peer about, expecting to see the more willing devotees affected as I had been. I encountered a flash from the eyes of the young lady whose bag I held in my hand. She was under no spell. She had not only seen but recognized me. I held the bag towards her. She gave a furtive glance in the direction of Madame&mdash;a glance not free from fear&mdash;then clutched the bag. Before releasing my hold upon it I ventured upon a word of explanation. I got no further, for at this moment a voice was heard. By the effect it had upon the expectant ones, I knew it could have emanated only from the idol-like being who had filled the place with her awesome personality. At first the voice sounded like a distant call, musically sweet and low; the kind of note that we can imagine the Indian snake-charmers to use when the cobra raises its winged head in obedience to the pipe&rsquo;s resistless charm. Every ear was strained to hear; mine with the rest. So much preparation, so much faith must result in something. What was it to be? The incoherent sounds became more and more distinct, and, finally, took on the articulate form of words. The quiet was deathly. Every one was prepared to interpret her utterances into personal significance. The dread and trouble of the times filling all minds, men wished to be forehanded with the decrees of Providence. Into this brooding silence the low, vibrating tones of this mysterious voice entered, and this is what we heard: Here there was a perceptible quiver of the drapery back of the dais. Others may not have noted it; I did. When, therefore, a very white hand came slowly from between its folds and placed its fingers upon the right temple of Madame, I was not much startled. What did startle me was the fact let out before that admonishing hand touched her, that this being&mdash;I can hardly call her woman&mdash;seemingly so far removed from the political agitations of the day, was, in very deed, either consciously or unconsciously&mdash;I could not decide which&mdash;intimately connected with the conspiracy I was at that very moment striving to defeat. How intimately? Was she the prime mover I was seeking, or simply an instrument under the control of another, and yet stronger, personality imaged in the owner of that white hand? There was no means of determining at that moment. Meanwhile, the fingers had left the temple of Madame. The hand was slowly withdrawn. Sleep apparently fell again upon the dreamer, but only long enough for her to bring forth the words: &ldquo;I have said.&rdquo; The silence that followed, gave me time to think. It was necessary. She had bidden the mighty tremble and had pronounced death to one&mdash;the betrayer. Was this senseless drivel, prophetic sight, or threatened murder? I inclined to consider it the last, and this was why: For some weeks now, murder, or, at least, sudden death, had been rampant in the country. My flesh crept as I remembered the many mysterious deaths reported within the month from St. Louis, Boston, New Orleans, New York and even here in Baltimore. Like a flash it came across me that every name was identified, more or less closely, with the political affairs of the time. Coupling my knowledge with what I conjectured, was it strange I saw a confirmation of the worst fears expressed by Miss Calhoun in the half-completed sentences of this seeming clairvoyant? So occupied had I been with my own thoughts that I feared I might have done something to call an undesirable attention to myself. Glancing furtively to one side, I heard, in the opposite direction, these words: &ldquo;She has never failed. What she has said will come to pass. Some one of note will die.&rdquo; These gloomy words were the first to break the ominous silence. Turning to face the speaker, I encountered the cold eye of a man with a retreating chin, a receding forehead, and a mouth large and cruel enough to stamp him as one of those perverted natures who, to the unscrupulous, are usefully insane. Here, then, was a being who not only knew the meaning of the fateful words we had heard, but, to my mind, could be relied upon to make them a verity. It was a relief to me to turn my gaze from his repellant features to the fixed countenance of Madame. She had not stirred; but either the room had grown lighter or my eyes had become more accustomed to the darkness, for I certainly saw a change in her look. Her eyelids were now raised, and her eyes were bent directly upon me. This was uncomfortable, especially as there was malevolence in her glance, or so I thought, and, far from being pleased with my position, I began to wish that I had never allowed myself to enter the place. Under the influence of this feeling I let my eyes drop from the woman&rsquo;s countenance to her hands, which were folded, as I have said, in a fixed position across her breast. The result was an increase of my mental disturbance. They were brown, shining hands, laden with rings, and, in the added light, under which I saw them, bore a strange resemblance to the bronze hand I had just left in Dr. Merriam&rsquo;s office. I had never considered myself a weak man, but, from that instant, I began to have a crawling fear of this woman&mdash;a fear that was in nowise lessened by the very evident agitation visible in the girl, who had been for me the connecting link between that object of mystery and this. Unendurable quiet was upon us all again. It was aggravated by awe&mdash;an awe to which I was determined not to succumb, notwithstanding the secret uneasiness under which I was laboring. So I let my eyes continue to roam, till they fell upon the one thing moving in the room. This was a man&rsquo;s foot, which I now saw projecting from behind the drapery through which I had seen the white hand glide. It was swinging up and down in an impatient way, so out of keeping with the emotions perceptible on this side of the drapery that I felt forced to ask myself what sort of person this could be who thus kept watch and ward with such very commonplace impatience over a creature who was able to hold every other person in her presence under a spell. The drapery did not give up its secrets, and again I yielded to the fascinations of Madame&rsquo;s face. There was a change in it; the eyes no longer looked my way, but into space, which seemed to hold for them some terrible and heart-rending vision. The lips, which had been closed, were now parted, and from them issued a breath which soon formed itself into words. &ldquo;&lsquo;Vengeance is mine! I will repay,&rsquo; saith the Lord.&rdquo; What passionate utterance was this? The voice that had been musical now rang with jangling discord. The swinging of the foot behind the drapery ceased. Madame spoke on: &ldquo;Through pain, sorrow, blood and death shall victory come. Life for life, pang for pang, scorn for scorn!&rdquo; The swinging foot disappeared, and the small white hand passed quickly through the curtain and rested again upon the forehead of Madame. But without a calming effect this time. On the contrary, it seemed to urge and incite her, for she broke into a new strain, speaking rapidly, wildly, as if she lived in what she saw, or, what was doubtless truer, had lived in it and was but recalling her own past in one of those terrible hours of memory that recur on the border-land of dreams. &ldquo;I see a child, a girl. She is young; she is beautiful. Men love her, many men, but she loves only one. He is of the North; she is of the South. He is icy like his clime; she is fiery like her skies. The fire cannot warm the ice. It is the ice puts out the fire! Woe! woe!&rdquo; The left hand came from the drapery; found its way to the left temple of the woman. But it, too, was ineffectual. Hurriedly, madly, the words went on, tripping each other up in their haste and passion. The voice now became hoarse with rage. As suddenly as the vehement change had come upon her, she had become calm again. The eyes retained their stony stare, but a cold and cruel smile formed about her lips, as if, with the utterance of that last word, she saw a futurity of blood and carnage satisfying her ferocious soul. It was revolting, horrible; but no one else seemed to feel it as I did. To most it was a short glimpse into a suffering soul. To me it was the revelation of causes which had led, and would lead yet, to miseries for which she had no pity, and which I felt myself too weak to avert. That it was not intended that the devotees of Madame should have heard these ravings was evident; for at this juncture the owner of the two white hands that had failed to control the spirit of Madame came out from behind the drapery of the dais. He proved to be none other than the man with the bristling mustache whose plans I had disarranged at the doctor&rsquo;s office by plugging the keyhole of the box with wax. This was enough. &ldquo;Chicanery!&rdquo; was my inmost thought as I noted his cool and calculating eye. &ldquo;But very dangerous chicanery,&rdquo; I added. Was the ring upon whose immediate capture I now saw that a life, if not lives, depended, in his possession, or in that of Madame, or in that of the Quaker-like girl sitting a few seats from me? How impossible to tell, and yet how imperative to know! As I was debating how this could be brought about, I watched the man. Self-control was a habit with him, but I saw the nervous clutch of his delicate hand. This did not indicate complete mastery of himself at that moment. He spoke with care, but as if he were in haste to deliver himself of the few necessary words of dismissal, without betraying his lack of composure. &ldquo;Madame will awake presently; she will be heard no more to-day. Those who wish to kiss her robes may pass in front of her; but she is still too far away from earth to hear your voices or to answer any questions. You will therefore preserve silence.&rdquo; So! so! more chicanery. Or was it strategy, pure and simple? Was there at the bottom of his words the wish to see me nearer or was he just playing with the credulity of such believers as the man next me, for instance? I did not stop to determine. My anxiety to see Madame, without the illusion of even the short distance between us, induced me to join the file of the faithful who were slowly approaching the seated woman. I would not kiss her robes, but I would look into her eyes and make sure that she was as far away from us all as she was said to be. But as I drew nearer to her I forgot all about her eyes in the interest awakened by her hands. And when it came my turn to pause before her, it was upon the middle finger of her right hand my eyes were fixed. For there I saw THE RING; the veritable ring of my fair neighbor, if the description given by her was correct. To see it there was to have it; or so I vowed in my surprise and self-confidence. Putting on an air of great dignity, I bowed to the woman and passed on, resolving upon the course I would pursue, which must necessarily be daring in order to succeed. At the door I paused till all who followed me had passed out; then I turned back, and once again faced Madame. She was alone. Her watchful guardian had left her side, and to all appearances the room. The opportunity surpassed my expectations, and with a step full of nerve I pushed forward and took my stand again directly in front of her. She gave no token of seeing me; but I did not hesitate on that account. Exerting all my will power, I first subjected her to a long and masterful look, and then I spoke, directly and to the point, like one who felt himself her superior, &ldquo;Madame,&rdquo; said I, &ldquo;the man you wish for is here. Give me the ring, and trust no more to weak or false emissaries.&rdquo; The start with which she came to life, or to the evidence of life, was surprising. Lifting her great lids, she returned my gaze with one equally searching and powerful, and seeing with what disdain I sustained it, allowed an almost imperceptible tremor to pass across her face, which up to now had not displayed the shadow even of an emotion. &ldquo;You!&rdquo; she murmured, in a dove-like tone of voice; &ldquo;who are you that I should trust you more than the others?&rdquo; &ldquo;I am he you expect,&rdquo; said I, venturing more as I felt her impassibility giving way before me. &ldquo;Have you had no premonition of my coming? Did you not know that he who controls would be in your presence to-day?&rdquo; She trembled, and her fingers almost unclasped from her arms. &ldquo;I have had dreams,&rdquo; she murmured, &ldquo;but I have been bidden to beware of dreams. If you are the person you claim to be, you will have some token which will absolve me from the charge of credulity. What is your token?&rdquo; Though doubtful, I dared not hesitate. &ldquo;This,&rdquo; I said, taking from my pocket the key which had been given me by my fair neighbor. She moved, she touched it with a finger; then she eyed me again. &ldquo;Others have keys,&rdquo; said she, &ldquo;but they fail in the opening. How are you better than they?&rdquo; &ldquo;You know,&rdquo; I declared&mdash;&ldquo;you know that I can do what others have failed in. Give me the ring.&rdquo; The force, the assurance with which I uttered this command moved her in spite of herself. She trembled, gave me one final, searching look, and slowly began to pull the ring from off her finger. It was in her hand, and half way to mine, when a third voice came to break the spell. &ldquo;Madame, Madame,&rdquo; it said; &ldquo;be careful. This is the man who clogged the lock, and hindered my endeavors in your behalf in the doctor&rsquo;s office.&rdquo; Her hand which was so near mine drew back; but I was too quick and too determined for her. I snatched the ring before she could replace it on her own hand, and, holding it firmly, faced the intruder with an air of very well-assumed disdain. Bowing as I had done before, I advanced to the door. They had made no effort to regain the ring, and I felt that my rashness had stood me in good stead. But as, with a secret elation I was just capable of keeping within bounds, I put my foot across the threshold, I heard behind me a laugh so triumphant and mocking that I felt struck with consternation; and, glancing down into my hand, I saw that I held, not the peculiar steel circlet destined for the piece of mechanism in the doctor&rsquo;s office, but an ordinary ring of gold. There was nothing left for me but to acknowledge defeat by an ignominious departure. I hastened at once home, and knocked at Miss Calhoun&rsquo;s door. While waiting for a response, the mockery of my return without the token I had undertaken to restore to her, impressed itself upon me in full force. It seemed to me that in that instant my face must have taken on a haggard look. I could not summon up the necessary will to make it otherwise. Any effort in that direction would have made my failure at cheerfulness pitiable. The door opened. There she stood. Whatever expectancy of success she may have had fled at once. Our eyes met and her countenance changed. My face must have told the whole story, for she exclaimed: &ldquo;You have failed!&rdquo; I was obliged to acknowledge it in a whisper, but hastened to assure her that the ring had not yet been placed upon the bronze hand, and was not likely to be till the lock had been cleaned, out. This interested her, and called out a hurried but complete recital of my adventure. She hung upon it breathlessly, and when I reached the point where Madame and her prophetic voice entered the tale, she showed so much excitement that any doubts I may have cherished as to the importance of the communication Madame had made us vanished in a cold horror I with difficulty hid from my companion. But the end agitated her more than the beginning, and when she heard that I had taken upon myself a direct connection with this mysterious matter, she grew so pale that I felt forced to inquire if the folly I had committed was likely to result badly, at which she shuddered and replied: &ldquo;You have brought death upon yourself. I see nothing but destruction before us both. This woman&mdash;this horrible woman&mdash;has seen your face, and, if she is what you describe, she will never forget it. The man, who is her guardian or agent, no doubt, must have tracked you, and finding you here with me, from whose hand he himself may have torn the ring last night, will record it as treason against a cause which punishes all treason with death. &ldquo;Pshaw!&rdquo; I ejaculated, with a jocular effort at indifference, which I acknowledge I did not feel. &ldquo;You seem to forget the law. We live in the city of Baltimore. Charlatans such as I have just left behind me do not make away with good citizens with impunity. We have only to seek the protection of the police.&rdquo; She met my looks with a slowly increasing intentness, which stilled this protest on my lips. Love, had I ever felt this holy passion for her, had no longer a place in my breast; but awe, terror and commiseration for her, for him, and also perhaps for myself, were still active passions within me, and at this decided statement of the case, I laughed in the excitement of the moment, and the relief I felt at knowing just what there was to dread in the adventure. &ldquo;Absurd!&rdquo; I cried. &ldquo;With Madame&rsquo;s address in my mind and the Baltimore police at my command, this man is as safe from assault as you or I are. Give me five minutes&rsquo; talk with Chief&mdash;&rdquo; Her hand on my arm stopped me; the look in her eye made me dumb. This placed her in another light before me, and I started back. &ldquo;You have&mdash;&rdquo; I stammered. &ldquo;Placed that ring three times on the hand in Dr. Merriam&rsquo;s office.&rdquo; &ldquo;And each time?&rdquo; &ldquo;A man somewhere in this nation has died suddenly. I do not know by what means or by whose hand, but he died.&rdquo; This beautiful creature guilty of&mdash; I tried not to show my horror. &ldquo;It is, then, a question of choice between you and him?&rdquo; said I. &ldquo;Either you or he must perish. Both cannot be saved.&rdquo; She recoiled, turning very pale, and for several minutes stood surveying me with a fixed gaze as if overcome by an idea which threw so immense a responsibility upon her. As she stood thus, I seemed not only to look into her nature, but her life. I saw the fanaticism that had once held every good impulse in check, the mistaken devotion, the unreasoning hatred, and, underneath all, a spirit of truth and rectitude which brightened and brightened as I watched her, till it dominated every evil passion and made her next words come easily, and with a natural burst of conviction which showed the innate generosity of her soul. &ldquo;You have shown me my duty, sir. There can be no question as to where the choice should fall, I am not worth one hair of his noble head. Save him, sir; I will help you by every means in my power.&rdquo; Seizing the opportunity she thus gave me, I asked her the name of the man who was threatened. In a low voice she told me. I was astonished; dumfounded. &ldquo;He is under suspicion&mdash;that is enough.&rdquo; &ldquo;Great heaven!&rdquo; I exclaimed. &ldquo;Have we reached such a pass as that?&rdquo; &ldquo;Don&rsquo;t,&rdquo; she uttered, hoarsely; &ldquo;don&rsquo;t reason; don&rsquo;t talk; act.&rdquo; &ldquo;I will,&rdquo; I cried, and rushed from the room. She fell back in a chair, almost fainting. I saw her lying quiet, inert and helpless as I rushed by her door on my way to the street, but I did not stop to aid her. I knew she would not suffer it. The police are practical, and my tale was an odd one. I found it hard, therefore, to impress them with its importance, especially as in trying to save Miss Calhoun I was necessarily more or less incoherent. I did succeed, however, in awakening interest at last, and, a man being assigned me, I led the way to Madame&rsquo;s door. But here a surprise awaited me. The doorplate, which had so attracted my attention, was gone, and in a few minutes we found that she had departed also, leaving no trace behind her. This looked ominous, and with little delay we hastened to the office of Dr. Merriam. Knocking at the usual door brought no response, but when we tried the further one, by which his patients usually passed out, we found ourselves confronted by the gentleman we sought. His face was calm and smiling, and though he made haste to tell us that we had come out of hours, he politely asked us in and inquired what he could do for us. Not understanding how he could have forgotten me so soon, I looked at him inquiringly, at which his face lighted up, and he apologetically said: &ldquo;I remember you now. You were here this morning consulting me about a friend who is afflicted with a peculiar complaint. Have you anything further to state or ask in regard to it. I have just five minutes to spare.&rdquo; &ldquo;Hear this gentleman first,&rdquo; said I, pointing to the officer who accompanied me. The doctor calmly bowed, and waited with the greatest self-possession for him to state his case. The officer did so abruptly. &ldquo;There is a box in your ante-room which I feel it my duty to examine. I am Detective Hopkins, of the city police.&rdquo; The doctor, with a gentleness which seemed native rather than assumed, quietly replied: &ldquo;I am very sorry, but you are an hour too late.&rdquo; And, throwing open the door of communication between the two rooms, he pointed to the table. This second disappointment was more than I could endure. Turning upon the doctor with undisguised passion, I hotly asked: &ldquo;Who has taken it? Describe the person at once. Tell what you know about the box,&rdquo; I did not finish the threat; but my looks must have been very fierce, for he edged off a bit, and cast a curious glance at the officer before he answered: &ldquo;You have, then, no ailing friend? Well, well; I expended some very good advice upon you. But you paid me, and so we are even.&rdquo; &ldquo;The box!&rdquo; I urged; &ldquo;the box! Don&rsquo;t waste words, for a man&rsquo;s life is at stake.&rdquo; His surprise was marvelously assumed or very real. &ldquo;You are talking somewhat wildly, are you not?&rdquo; he ventured, with a bland air. &ldquo;A man&rsquo;s life? I cannot believe that.&rdquo; &ldquo;But you don&rsquo;t answer me,&rdquo; I urged. He smiled; he evidently thought me out of my mind. &ldquo;That&rsquo;s true; but there is so little I can tell you. I do not know what was in the box about which you express so much concern, and I do not know the names of its owners. It was brought here some six months ago and placed in the spot where you saw it this morning, upon conditions that were satisfactory to me, and not at all troublesome to my patients, whose convenience I was bound to consult. It has remained there till to-day, when&mdash;&rdquo; Here the officer interrupted him. &ldquo;What were these conditions? The matter calls for frankness.&rdquo; &ldquo;The conditions,&rdquo; repeated the doctor, in no wise abashed, &ldquo;were these: That it should occupy the large table in the window as long as they saw fit. That, though placed in my room, it should be regarded as the property of the society which owned it, and, consequently, free to the inspection of its members but to no one else. That I should know these members by their ability to open the box, and that so long as these persons confined their visits to my usual hours for patients, they were to be subject to no one&rsquo;s curiosity, nor allowed to suffer from any one&rsquo;s interference. In return for these slight concessions, I was to receive five dollars for every day I allowed it to stay here, payment to be made by mail.&rdquo; &ldquo;Good business! And you cannot tell the names of the persons with whom you entered into this contract?&rdquo; &ldquo;No; the one who came to me first and saw to the placing of the box and all that, was a short, sturdy fellow, with a common face but very brilliant eye; he it was who made the conditions; but the man who came to get it, and who paid me twenty dollars for opening my office door at an unusual hour, was a more gentlemanly man, with a thick, brown mustache and resolute look. He was accompanied&mdash;&rdquo; &ldquo;Why do you stop?&rdquo; The doctor smiled. &ldquo;I was wondering,&rdquo; said he, &ldquo;if I should say he was accompanied, or that he accompanied, a woman, of such enormous size that the doorway hardly received her. I thought she was a patient at first, for, large as she is, she was brought into my room in a chair, which it took four men to carry. But she only came about the box.&rdquo; &ldquo;Madame!&rdquo; I muttered; and being made still more eager by this discovery of her direct participation in its carrying off, I asked if she touched the box or whether it was taken away unopened. The doctor&rsquo;s answer put an end to every remaining hope I may have cherished. &ldquo;She not only touched but opened it. I saw the lid rise and heard a whirr. What is the matter, sir?&rdquo; &ldquo;Nothing,&rdquo; I made haste to say&mdash;&ldquo;that is, nothing I can communicate just now. This woman must be followed,&rdquo; I signified to the officer, and was about to rush from the room when my eye fell on the table where the box stood. &ldquo;See!&rdquo; said I, pointing to a fine wire protruding from a small hole in the center of its upper surface; &ldquo;this box had connection with some point outside of this room.&rdquo; The doctor&rsquo;s face flushed, and for the first time he looked a trifle foolish. &ldquo;This wire leads where?&rdquo; asked the officer. &ldquo;Rip up the floor and see. I know no other way to find out.&rdquo; &ldquo;But that would take time, and we have not a minute to lose,&rdquo; said I, and was disappearing for the second time when I again stopped. &ldquo;Doctor,&rdquo; said I, &ldquo;when you consented to harbor this box under such peculiar conditions and allowed yourself to receive such good pay for a service involving so little inconvenience to yourself, you must have had some idea of the uses to which so mysterious an article would be put. What did you suppose them to be?&rdquo; &ldquo;To tell you the truth, I thought it was some new-fangled lottery scheme, and I have still to learn that I was mistaken.&rdquo; I gave him a look, but did not stop to undeceive him. But one resource was left: to warn Mr. S&mdash; of his peril. This was not so easy a task as might appear. To make my story believed, I should be obliged to compromise Miss Calhoun, and Mr. S&mdash;&rsquo;s well-known chivalry, as far as women are concerned, would make the communication difficult on my part, if not absolutely impossible. I, however, determined to attempt it, though I could not but wish I were an older man, with public repute to back me.&rsquo; Though there was but little in Mr. S&mdash;&lsquo;s public life which I did not know, I had little or no knowledge of his domestic relations beyond the fact that he was a widower with one child. I did not even know where he lived. But inquiry at police headquarters soon settled that, and in half an hour after leaving the doctor&rsquo;s office I was at his home. It was a large, old-fashioned dwelling, of comfortable aspect; too comfortable, I thought, for the shadow of doom, which, in my eyes, overlay its cheerful front, wide-open doors and windows. How should I tell my story here! What credence could I expect for a tale so gruesome, within walls warmed by so much sunshine and joy. None, possibly; but my story must be told for all that. Ringing the bell hurriedly, I asked for Mr. S&mdash;. He was out of town. This was my first check. When would he be home? The answer gave me some hope, though it seemed to increase my difficulties. He would be in the city by eight, as he had invited a large number of guests to his house for the evening. Beyond this, I could learn nothing. Returning immediately to Miss Calhoun, I told her what had occurred, and tried to impress upon her the necessity I felt of seeing Mr. S&mdash; that night. She surveyed me like a woman in a dream. Twice did I have to repeat my words before she seemed to take them in; then she turned hurriedly, and going to a little desk standing in one corner of the room, drew out a missive, which she brought me. It was an invitation to this very reception which she had received a week before. &ldquo;I will get you one,&rdquo; she whispered. &ldquo;But don&rsquo;t speak to him, don&rsquo;t tell him without giving me some warning. I will not be far from you. I think I will have strength for this final hour.&rdquo; &ldquo;God grant that your sacrifice may bear fruit,&rdquo; I said, and left her. To enter, on such an errand as mine, a brilliantly illuminated house odoriferous with flowers and palpitating with life and music, would be hard for any man. It was hard for me. But in the excitement of the occasion, aggravated as it was by a presage of danger not only to myself but to the woman I had come so near loving, I experienced a calmness, such as is felt in the presence of all mortal conflicts. I made sure that this was reflected in my face before leaving the dressing-room, and satisfied that I would not draw the attention of others by too much or too little color, I descended to the drawing-room and into the presence of my admired host. I had expected to confront a handsome man, but not of the exact type that he presented. There was a melancholy in his expression I had not foreseen, mingled with an attraction from which I could not escape after my first hurried glimpse of his features across the wide room. No other man in the room had it to so great a degree, nor was there any other who made so determined an effort to throw off care and be simply the agreeable companion. Could it be that any other warning had forestalled mine, or was this his habitual manner and expression? Finding no answer to this question, I limited myself to the duty of the hour, and advancing as rapidly as possible through the ever-increasing throng, waited for the chance to speak to him for one minute alone. Meantime, I satisfied myself that the two detectives sent from police headquarters were on hand. I recognized them among a group of people at the door. Whether intentionally or not, Mr. S &mdash; had taken up his stand before the conservatory, and as in my endeavors to reach him I approached within sight of this place, I perceived the face of Miss Calhoun shining from amid its greenery, and at once remembered the promise I had made her. She was looking for me, and, meeting my eyes, made me an imperceptible gesture, to which I felt bound to respond. Slipping from the group with which I was advancing, I stole around to a side door towards which she had pointed, and in another moment found myself at her side. She was clothed in velvet, which gave to her cheek and brow the colorlessness of marble. &ldquo;He is not as ignorant of his position as we thought,&rdquo; said she. &ldquo;I have been watching him for an hour. He is in anticipation of something. This will make our task easier.&rdquo; &ldquo;You have said nothing,&rdquo; I suggested. &ldquo;No, no; how could I?&rdquo; &ldquo;Perhaps the detectives I saw there have told him.&rdquo; &ldquo;Perhaps; but they cannot know the whole.&rdquo; &ldquo;No, or our words would be unnecessary.&rdquo; &ldquo;Mr. Abbott,&rdquo; said she, with feverish volubility, &ldquo;do not try to tell him yet; wait for a few minutes till I have gained a little self-possession, a little command over myself; but no&mdash;that may be to risk his life&mdash;do not wait a moment&mdash;go now, go now, only&mdash;&rdquo; She started, stumbled and fell back into a low seat under a spreading palm. &ldquo;He is coming here. Do not leave me, Mr. Abbott; step back there behind those plants. I cannot trust myself to face him all alone.&rdquo; I did as she bade me. Mr. S&mdash;, with a smile on his face&mdash;the first I had seen there&mdash;came in and walked with a quick step and a resolved air up to Miss Calhoun, who endeavored to rise to meet him. But she was unable, which involuntary sign of confusion seemed to please him. &ldquo;Irene,&rdquo; said he, in a tone that made me start and wish I had not been so amenable to her wishes, &ldquo;I thought I saw you glide in here, and my guests being now all arrived, I have ventured to steal away for a moment, just to satisfy the craving which has been torturing me for the last hour. Irene, you are pale; you tremble like an aspen. Have I frightened you by my words&mdash;too abrupt, perhaps, considering the reserve that has always been between us until now. Didn&rsquo;t you know that I loved you? that for the last month&mdash;ever since I have known you, indeed&mdash;I have had but the one wish, to make you my wife?&rdquo; &ldquo;Good God!&rdquo; I saw the words on her lips rather than heard them. She seemed to be illumined and overwhelmed at once. &ldquo;Mr. S&mdash;,&rdquo; said she, trying to be brave, trying to address him with some sort of self-possession, &ldquo;I did not expect&mdash;I had no right to expect this honor from you. I am not worthy&mdash;I have no right to hear such words from your lips. Besides&mdash;&rdquo; She could go no further; perhaps he did not let her. &ldquo;Not worthy&mdash;you!&rdquo; There was infinite sadness in his tone. &ldquo;What do you think I am, then? It is because you are so worthy, so much better than I am or can ever be, that I want you for my wife. I long for the companionship of a pure mind, a pure hand&mdash;&rdquo; &ldquo;Mr. S&mdash;&rdquo; (she had risen, and the resolve in her face made her beauty shine out transcendently), &ldquo;I have not the pure mind, the pure hand you ascribe to me. I have meddled with matters few women could even conceive of. I am a member&mdash;a repentant member, to be sure&mdash;of an organization which slights the decrees of God and places the aims of a few selfish souls above the rights of man, and&mdash;&rdquo; He had stooped and was kissing her hand. &ldquo;You need not go on,&rdquo; he whispered; &ldquo;I quite understand. But you will be my wife?&rdquo; Aghast, white as the driven snow, she watched him with dilating eyes that slowly filled with a great horror. I do not think she uttered a sound, but I heard the dying cry of her soul in her very silence. He may have heard it, too, for his look showed sudden and unfathomable pity. &ldquo;Wait!&rdquo; She had found strength to lay her hand on his arm. &ldquo;Did you know that a man was condemned to-day?&rdquo; His face took on a shade of gloom. &ldquo;Yes,&rdquo; he bowed, casting an anxious look towards the room from which came the mingled sounds of dance and merriment. &ldquo;The bell which announces the fact rang during my absence. I did not know there was a name before the society.&rdquo; She crouched, covering her face with her hands. I think she was afraid her emotion would escape her in a cry. But in an instant they had dropped again, and she was panting in his ear: &ldquo;You are the chief and are not acquainted with these matters of life and death? Traitors are these men and women to you&mdash;traitors! jealous of your influence and your power!&rdquo; He looked amazed; he measured the distance between himself and the door and turned to ask her what she meant, but she did not give him the opportunity. &ldquo;Do you know,&rdquo; she asked, &ldquo;the name of the person for whom the bell rang to-day?&rdquo; He shook his head. &ldquo;I am expecting a messenger with it any moment,&rdquo; said he, looking towards the rear of the conservatory. &ldquo;Is it any one who is here to-night?&rdquo; The gasp she gave might have been heard in the other room. Language and motion seemed both to fail her, and I thought I should have to go to her rescue. But before I could move, I heard the click of a latch at the rear of the conservatory, and saw, peering through the flowers and plants, the wicked face of the man with the receding forehead whom I had seen at madame&rsquo;s, and in his arms he held THE BOX. It was a shock which sent me further into concealment. Mr. S&mdash;, on the contrary, looked relieved. Exclaiming, &ldquo;Ah, he has come!&rdquo; he went to the door leading into the drawing-room, locked it, took out the key and returned to meet the stealthy, advancing figure. The latter presented a picture of malignant joy, horrible to contemplate. The lips of his large mouth were compressed and bloodless. He came on with the quiet certainty and deadly ease of a slimy thing sure of its prey. As I noted him I felt that not only Mr. S&mdash;&lsquo;s life but my own was not worth a moment&rsquo;s purchase. But I uttered no cry and scarcely breathed. Miss Calhoun, on the contrary, gave vent to a long, shivering sigh. The man bowed as he heard it, but with looks directed solely to Mr. S&mdash;. Mr. S&mdash; gazed in haughty astonishment, first at the box and then at the man. &ldquo;This is irregular,&rdquo; said he. &ldquo;Why was I not made acquainted with the fact that a name was up for consideration, and why have you removed the box from its place and broken the connection which was made with so much difficulty?&rdquo; As he said this he looked up through the glass of the conservatory to a high building I could see towering at the end of the garden. It was the building in which I had first seen that box, and I now understood how this connection had been made. Mr. S&mdash;&lsquo;s movement had been involuntary. Dropping his eyes, he finished by saying, with an almost imperceptible bow, &ldquo;You may speak before this lady; she is the holder of a key.&rdquo; &ldquo;The connection was broken because suspicion was aroused; to your other question you will find an answer in the box. Shall I open it for you?&rdquo; Mr. S&mdash;, with a stern frown, shook his head, and produced a key from his pocket. &ldquo;Do you understand all this?&rdquo; he suddenly asked Miss Calhoun. For reply, she pointed to the box. &ldquo;Open!&rdquo; her beseeching looks seemed to say. Mr. S&mdash; turned the key and threw up the lid. &ldquo;Look under the hand,&rdquo; suggested the man. Mr. S&mdash; leaned over the box, which had been laid on a small table, discovered a paper somewhere in its depth, and drew it out. It was no whiter than his face when he did so. &ldquo;How many have subscribed to this?&rdquo; he asked. &ldquo;You will observe that there are five rings on the hand,&rdquo; responded the man. Miss Calhoun started, opened her lips, but paused as she saw Mr. S&mdash; unfold the paper. &ldquo;The name of the latest traitor,&rdquo; murmured the man, with a look of ferocity the like of which I had never seen on any human face before. It was not observed by either of the actors in the tragedy before me. Mr. S&mdash; was gazing with a wild incredulity at the note he had unfolded; she was gazing at him. From the room beyond rose and swelled the sweet strains of the waltz. Suddenly a low, crackling sound was heard. It came from the paper which Mr. S&mdash; had crumpled in his hand. &ldquo;To-night?&rdquo; he said. &ldquo;To-night,&rdquo; Mr. S&mdash; repeated, and pointed towards the door by which he had entered. Then, as the man still hesitated, he took him by the arm and resolutely led him through the conservatory, crying in his ear, &ldquo;Go. I am still the chief.&rdquo; The man bowed, and slipped slowly out into the night. A burst of music, laughter, voices, joy, rose in the drawing-room. Mr. S&mdash; and Irene Calhoun stood looking at each other. &ldquo;You must go home,&rdquo; were the first words he uttered. Then, in a half-reproachful, half-pitiful tone, as if on the verge of tears, he added: &ldquo;Was I so bad a chief that even you thought me a hindrance to the advancement of the society and the cause to which we are pledged?&rdquo; It was the one thing he could say capable of rousing her. &ldquo;Oh!&rdquo; she cried, &ldquo;it is all a mistake, all a cheat. Did you not get the letter I sent to my chief this morning, written in the usual style and directed in the usual way?&rdquo; &ldquo;No,&rdquo; he answered. &ldquo;Then there is worse treason than yours among the five. I wrote to say that my ring had been stolen; that I did not subscribe to the condemnation of the man under suspicion, and that, if it was made, it would be through fraud. That was before I knew that the suspected one and the man I addressed were one and the same. Now&mdash;&rdquo; &ldquo;Well, now?&rdquo; &ldquo;You have but to accuse the woman called Madame. The man you have just sent away would forgive you his disappointment if you gave him the supreme satisfaction of carrying doom to the still more formidable being who prophesies death to those for whom she has already prepared a violent end.&rdquo; &ldquo;Irene!&rdquo; But her passion had found vent and she was not to be stilled. Telling him the whole story of the last twenty-four hours, she waited for the look of comfort she evidently expected. But it did not come. His first words showed why. &ldquo;Madame is inexorable,&rdquo; said he; &ldquo;but Madame is but one of five. There are three others&mdash;true men, sound men, thinking men. If they deem me unworthy&mdash;and I have shown signs of faltering of late&mdash;Madame&rsquo;s animosity or your loving weakness must not stand in the way of their decree. It shall never be said I sanctioned the doom of other men and shrank from my own. I would be unworthy of your love if I did, and your love is everything to me now.&rdquo; She had not expected this; she had not at all reckoned upon the stern quality in this man, forgetting that without it he could never have held his pitiless position. &ldquo;But it is not regular; it is not according to precedent. Five rings are required, and only four were fairly placed. As an honest man, you ought to hesitate at injustice, and injustice you will show if you allow them to triumph through their own deceit.&rdquo; But even this failed to move him. With a low moan she gave up the struggle. Lifting her forehead to his embrace, she bestowed upon him a look of indescribable despair, then tottered to the door leading into the garden. As it closed upon her departing figure, he uttered a deep sigh, in which he seemed to give up life and the world. Then he raised his head, and in an instant was in the midst of a throng of beautiful women and dashing men, with a smile on his lips and a jest on his tongue. I made my escape unnoticed. The next morning I was in Philadelphia. There I read the following lines in the leading daily: And further down, in an obscure corner, this short line: I should have kept my eyes for the many brilliant and interesting sights constantly offered me. Another girl would have done so. I myself might have done so, had I been over eighteen, or, had I not come from the country, where my natural love of romance had been fostered by uncongenial surroundings and a repressed life under the eyes of a severe and unsympathetic maiden aunt. I was visiting in a house where fashionable people made life a perpetual holiday. Yet of all the pleasures which followed so rapidly, one upon another, that I have difficulty now in separating them into distinct impressions, the greatest, the only one I never confounded with any other, was the hour I spent in my window after the day&rsquo;s dissipations were all over, watching&mdash;what? Truth and the necessities of my story oblige me to say&mdash;a man&rsquo;s face, a man&rsquo;s handsome but preoccupied face, bending night after night over a study-table in the lower room of the great house in our rear. I had been in the city three weeks, and I had already received&mdash;pardon the seeming egotism of the confession&mdash;four offers, which, considering I had no fortune and but little education or knowledge of the great world, speaks well for something: I leave you to judge what. All of these offers were from young men; one of them from a very desirable young man, but I had listened to no one&rsquo;s addresses, because, after accepting them, I should have felt it wrong to contemplate so unremittingly the face, which, for all its unconsciousness of myself, held me spell-bound to an idea I neither stopped nor cared to analyze. Why, at such a distance and under circumstances of such distraction, did it affect me so? It was not a young face (Mr. Allison at that time was thirty-five); neither was it a cheerful or even a satisfied one; but it was very handsome, as I have said; far too handsome, indeed, for a romantic girl to see unmoved, and it was an enigmatic face; one that did not lend itself to immediate comprehension, and that, to one of my temperament, was a fatal attraction, especially as enough was known of his more than peculiar habits to assure me that character, rather than whim, lay back of his eccentricities. But first let me explain more fully my exact position in regard to this gentleman on that day in early spring, destined to be such a memorable one in my history. I had never seen him, save in the surreptitious way I have related, and he had never seen me. The day following my arrival in the city I had noticed the large house in our rear, and had asked some questions about it. This was but natural, for it was one of the few mansions in the great city with an old-style lawn about it. Besides, it had a peculiarly secluded and secretive look, which even to my unaccustomed eyes, gave it an appearance strangely out of keeping with the expensive but otherwise ordinary houses visible in all other directions. The windows&mdash;and there were many&mdash;were all shuttered and closed, with the exception of the three on the lower floor and two others directly over these. On the top story they were even boarded up, giving to that portion of the house a blank and desolate air, matched, I was told, by that of the large drawing-room windows on either side of the front door, which faced, as you must see, on another street. The grounds which, were more or less carefully looked after, were separated from the street by a brick wall, surmounted by urns, from which drooped the leafless tendrils of some old vines; but in the rear, that is, in our direction, the line of separation was marked by a high iron fence, in which, to my surprise, I saw a gate, which, though padlocked now, marked old habits of intercourse, interesting to contemplate, between the two houses. Through this fence I caught glimpses of the green turf and scattered shrubs of a yard which had once sloped away to the avenues on either side, and, more interesting still, those three windows whose high-drawn shades offered such a vivid contrast to the rest of the house. In one of these windows stood a table, with a chair before it. I had as yet seen no one in the chair, but I had noted that the table was heavily covered with papers and books, and judged that the room was a library and the table that of a busy man engaged in an endless amount of study and writing. The Vandykes, whom I had questioned on the matter, were very short in their replies. Not because the subject was uninteresting, or one they in any way sought to avoid, but because the invitations to a great party had just come in, and no other topic was worthy their discussion. But I learned this much. That the house belonged to one of New York&rsquo;s oldest families. That its present owner was a widow of great eccentricity of character, who, with her one child, a daughter, unfortunately blind from birth, had taken up her abode in some foreign country, where she thought her child&rsquo;s affliction would attract less attention than in her native city. The house had been closed to the extent I have mentioned, immediately upon her departure, but had not been left entirely empty. Mr. Allison, her man of business, had moved into it, and, being fully as eccentric as herself, had contented himself for five years with a solitary life in this dismal mansion, without friends, almost without acquaintances, though he might have had unlimited society and any amount of attention, his personal attractions being of a very uncommon order, and his talent for business so pronounced, that he was already recognized at thirty-five as one of the men to be afraid of in Wall Street. Of his birth and connections little was known; he was called the Hermit of &mdash; Street, and&mdash;well, that is about all they told me at this time. After I came to see him (as I did that very evening), I could ask no further questions concerning him. The beauty of his countenance, the mystery of his secluded life, the air of melancholy and mental distress which I imagined myself to detect in his manner&mdash;he often used to sit for minutes together with his eyes fixed on vacancy and his whole face expressive of the bitterest emotion&mdash;had wrought this spell upon my imagination, and I could no more mingle his name with that of the ordinary men and women we discussed than I could confound his solitary and expressive figure with the very proper but conventional forms of the simpering youths who followed me in parlors or begged to be allowed the honor of a dance at the balls I attended with the Vandykes. He occupied an unique place in my regard, and this without another human being&rsquo;s knowledge. I wish I could say without my own; but, alas! I have promised myself to be true in all the details of this history, and, child as I was, I could not be ignorant of the fascination which held me for hours at my window when I should have been in bed and asleep. But let me hasten to the adventure which put an end to my dreams by launching me into realities of a still more absorbing nature. I was not very well one day, and even Mrs. Vandyke acknowledged that it would not do for me to take the long-planned drive to Tuxedo. So, as I would not let any one else miss this pleasure on my account, I had been left alone in the house, and, not being ill enough for bed, had spent the most of the morning in my window&mdash;not because he was in his; I was yet too timid, and, let me hope, too girlishly modest, to wish to attract in any way his attention&mdash;but because the sun shone there, and I was just chilly enough to enjoy its mingled light and heat. Thus it was I came to notice the following petty occurrence. In the yard of the house next to that occupied by Mr. Allison was kept a tame rabbit, which often took advantage of a hole it had made for itself under the dividing fence to roam over the neighboring lawn. On this day he was taking his accustomed ramble, when something startled him, and he ran, not back to his hole, but to our fence, through which he squeezed himself, evidently to his own great discomfort; for once in our yard, and under the refuge of a small bush he found there, nothing would lure him back, though every effort was made to do so, both by the small boy to whom he belonged, and the old serving-man or gardener, who was the only other person besides Mr. Allison whom I ever saw on the great place. Watching them, I noted three things: first, that it was the child who first thought of opening the gate; secondly, that it was the serving-man who brought the key; and, thirdly, that after the gate had been opened and the rabbit recovered, the gate had not been locked again; for, just as the man was about to do this, a call came from the front, of so imperative a nature, that he ran forward, without readjusting the padlock, and did not come back, though I watched for him in idle curiosity for a good half-hour. This was in the morning. At seven o&rsquo;clock&mdash;how well I remember the hour!&mdash;I was sitting again in my window, waiting for the return of the Vandykes, and watching the face which had now reappeared at its usual place in the study. It was dark everywhere save there, and I was marveling over the sense of companionship it gave me under circumstances of loneliness, which some girls might have felt most keenly, when suddenly my attention was drawn from him to a window in the story over his head, by the rapid blowing in and out of a curtain, which had been left hanging loose before an open sash. As there was a lighted gas-jet near by, I watched the gyrating muslin with some apprehension, and was more shocked than astonished when, in another moment, I saw the flimsy folds give one wild flap and flare up into a brilliant and dangerous flame. To shriek and throw up my window was the work of a moment, but I attracted no attention by these means, and, what was worse, saw, with feelings which may be imagined, that nothing I could do would be likely to arouse Mr. Allison to an immediate sense of his danger, for not only were the windows shut between us, but he was lost in one of his brooding spells, which to all appearance made him quite impassible to surrounding events. &ldquo;Will no one see? Will no one warn him?&rdquo; I cried out, in terror of the flames burning so brightly in the room above him. Seemingly not. No other window was raised in the vicinity, and, frightened quite beyond the exercise of reason or any instincts of false modesty, I dashed out of my room downstairs, calling for the servants. But Lucy was in the front area and Ellen above, and I was on the back porch and in the garden before either of them responded. Meanwhile, no movement was observable in the brooding figure of Mr. Allison, and no diminution in the red glare which now filled the room above him. To see him sitting there so much at his ease, and to behold at the same moment the destruction going on so rapidly over his head, affected me more than I can tell, and casting to the winds all selfish considerations, I sprang through the gate so providentially left ajar and knocked with all my might on a door which opened upon a side porch not many feet away from the spot where he sat so unconcernedly. The moment I had done this I felt like running away again, but hearing his advancing step, summoned up my courage and stood my ground bravely, determined to say one word and run. But when the door opened and I found myself face to face with the man whose face I knew only too well, that word, important as it was, stuck in my throat; for, agitated as I was, both by my errand and my sudden encounter with one I had dreamed about for weeks, he seemed to be much more so, though by other reasons&mdash;by far other reasons&mdash;than myself. He was so moved&mdash;was it by the appearance of a strange young girl on his doorstep, or was it at something in my face or manner, or some-thing in his thoughts to which that face or manner gave a shock?&mdash;that my petty fears for the havoc going on above seemed to pale into insignificance before the emotions called up by my presence. Confronting me with dilating eyes, he faltered slowly back till his natural instincts of courtesy recalled him to himself, and he bowed, when I found courage to cry: &ldquo;Fire! Your house is on fire! Up there, overhead!&rdquo; The sound which left his lips as these words slipped from mine struck me speechless again. Appalling as the cry &ldquo;Fire!&rdquo; is at all times and to all men, it roused in this man at this time something beyond anything my girlish soul had ever imagined of terror or dismay. So intense were the feelings I saw aroused in him that I expected to see him rush into the open air with loud cries for help. But instead of that, he pushed the door to behind me, and locking me in, said, in a strange and hoarsened tone? &ldquo;Don&rsquo;t call out, don&rsquo;t make any sound or outcry, and above all, don&rsquo;t let any one in; I will fight the flames alone!&rdquo; and seizing a lamp from the study-table, he dashed from me towards a staircase I could faintly see in the distance. But half-way down the hall he looked back at me, and again I saw that look on his face which had greeted my unexpected appearance in the doorway. Alas! it was a thrilling look&mdash;a look which no girl could sustain without emotion; and spellbound under it, I stood in a maze, alone and in utter darkness, not knowing whether to unlock the door and escape or to stand still and wait for his reappearance, as he evidently expected me to do. Meanwhile, the alarm had spread, and more than one cry arose from the houses in the rear. I could hear feet running over the walks without, and finally a knock on the door I was leaning against, followed by the cry: &ldquo;Let us in! Fire! fire!&rdquo; But I neither moved nor answered. I was afraid to be found there, crouching alone in a bachelor&rsquo;s residence, but I was equally afraid of disobeying him, for his voice had been very imperious when he commanded me not to let any one in; and I was too young to brave such a nature, even if I had wished to, which I do not think I did. &ldquo;He is overhead! See him&mdash;see him!&rdquo; I now heard shouted from the lawn. &ldquo;He has dragged the curtains down! He is showering the walls with water! Look&mdash;look! how wildly he works! He will be burnt himself. Ah! ah!&rdquo; All of which gave me strange thrills, and filled the darkness which encompassed me with startling pictures, till I could hardly stand the stress or keep myself from rushing to his assistance. While my emotions were at their height a bell rang. It was the front doorbell, and it meant the arrival of the engines. &ldquo;Oh!&rdquo; thought I, &ldquo;what shall I do now? If I run out I shall encounter half the neighborhood in the back yard; if I stay here how shall I be able to meet the faces of the firemen who will come rushing in?&rdquo; But I was not destined to suffer from either contingency. As the bell rang a second time, a light broke on the staircase I was so painfully watching, and Mr. Allison descended, lamp in hand, as he had gone up. He appeared calm now, and without any show of emotion proceeded at once to the front door, which he opened. What passed between him and the policeman whose voice I heard in the hall, I do not know. I heard them go up-stairs and presently come down again, and I finally heard the front door close. Then I began to make an effort to gain some control over my emotions, for I knew he had not forgotten me, and that he soon would be in the vestibule at my side. But it was impossible for me to hope to meet him with an unconcerned air. The excitement I was under and the cold&mdash;for I was dressed lightly and the vestibule was chilly&mdash;had kept me trembling so, that my curls had fallen all about my cheeks, and one had fallen so low that it hung in shameful disorder to my very waist. This alone was enough to disconcert me, but had my heart been without its secret&mdash;a secret I was in mortal terror of disclosing in my confusion&mdash;I could have risen above my embarrassment and let simple haste been my excuse. As it was, I must have met him with a pleading aspect, very much like that of a frightened child, for his countenance visibly changed as he approached me, and showed quite an extraordinary kindness, if not contrition, as he paused in the narrow vestibule with the blazing lamp held low in his hand. &ldquo;My little girl,&rdquo; he began, but instantly changed the phrase to &ldquo;My dear young lady, how can I thank you enough, and how can I sufficiently express my regret at having kept you a prisoner in this blazing house? I fear I have frightened you sorely, but&mdash;-&rdquo; And here, to my astonishment, he found nothing to say, moved overmuch by some strong feeling, or checked in his apologies by some great embarrassment. Astonished, for he did not look like a man who could be lightly disturbed, I glowed a fiery red and put my hand out towards the door. Instantly he found speech again. &ldquo;One moment,&rdquo; said he. &ldquo;I feel that I ought to explain the surprise, the consternation, which made me forget. You know this is not my house, that I am here in trust for another, that the place is full of rare treasures.&rdquo; Had he stopped again? I was in such a state of inner perturbation that I hardly knew whether he had ceased to speak or I to hear. Something, I did not know what, had shaken my very life&rsquo;s center&mdash;something in the shape of dread, yet so mixed with delight that my hand fell from the knob I had been blindly groping for and sank heavily at my side. His eyes had not left my face. &ldquo;May I ask whom I have the honor of addressing?&rdquo; he asked, in a tone I might better never have heard from his lips. To this I must make reply. Shuddering, for I felt something uncanny in the situation, but speaking up, notwithstanding, with the round and vibrating tones I had inherited from my mother, I answered, with the necessary simplicity: &ldquo;I am Delight Hunter, a country girl, sir, visiting the Vandykes.&rdquo; A flash that was certainly one of pleasure lighted up his face with a brilliance fatal to my poor, quivering girl&rsquo;s heart. &ldquo;Allow me, Miss Hunter, to believe that you will not bring down the indignation of my neighbors upon me by telling them of my carelessness and indiscretion.&rdquo; Then, as my lips settled into a determined curve, he himself opened the door, and bowing low, asked if I would accept his protection to the gate. But at the rush of the night air, such a sensation of shame overpowered me that I only thought of retreat; and, declining his offer with a wild shake of the head, I dashed from the house and fled with an incomprehensible sense of relief back to that of the Vandykes. The servants, who had seen me rush towards Mr. Allison&rsquo;s, were still in the yard watching for me. I did not vouchsafe them a word. I could hardly formulate words in my own mind. A great love and a great dread had seized upon me at once. A great love for the man by whose face I had been moved for weeks and a great dread&mdash;well, I cannot explain my dread, not as I felt it that night. It was formless and without apparent foundation; but it would no more leave me than my uneasy memory of the fierce instinct which had led him at such a critical instant to close his door against all help, though in so doing he had subjected a young girl to many minutes of intense embarrassment and mortifying indecision. Mr. Allison, who had never before been known to leave his books and papers, not only called the next day to express his gratitude for what he was pleased to style my invaluable warning, but came every day after, till not only my heart but my reason told me that the great house in the rear might ultimately be my home, if the passion which had now become my life should prove greater than the dread which had not yet entirely left me. Mr. Allison loved me&mdash;oh, what pride in the thought!&mdash;but Mr. Allison had a secret, or why did he so often break off abruptly in some telltale speech and drop his eyes, which were otherwise always upon me. Something not easy to understand lay between us&mdash;something which he alternately defied and succumbed to, something which kept him from being quite the good man I had pictured myself as marrying. Why I was so certain of this latter fact, I cannot say. Perhaps my instinct was keen; perhaps the signs of goodness are so unmistakable that even a child feels their want where her heart leans hardest. &ldquo;You must have liked Mrs. Ransome very much you are so faithful in your remembrance of her.&rdquo; I never presumed again to attack any of his foibles. He gave me first a hard look, then an indulgent one, and finally managed to say, after a moment of quiet hesitation: &ldquo;You allude to my custom of setting two chairs at the table to which they may return at any minute? Miss Hunter, what I do in the loneliness of that great house is not worth the gossip of those who surround you.&rdquo; Flushing till I wished my curls would fall down and hide my cheeks, I tried to stammer out some apology. But he drove it back with a passionate word: &ldquo;Delight, idol of my heart, come and see what a lonely place that old house is. Come and live in that house&mdash;at least for a little time, till I can arrange for you a brighter and a happier home&mdash;come and be my wife.&rdquo; It was sudden, it was all but unlooked-for, and like all his expressions of feeling, frenzied rather than resolute. But it was a declaration that met my most passionate longings, and in the elation it brought I forgot for the moment the doubts it called up. Otherwise I had been a woman rather than a girl, and this tale had never been written. &ldquo;You love me, Delight&rdquo; (he was already pressing me in his arms), &ldquo;you love me or you would never have rushed so impetuously to warn me of my danger that night. Make me the maddest, happiest man in all the world by saying you will not wait; that you will not ask counsel of anybody or anything but your affection, but marry me at once; marry me while my heart yearns for you so deeply; marry me before I go away&mdash;&rdquo; &ldquo;Go away?&rdquo; &ldquo;Yes, I am going away. Mrs. Ransome and her daughter are coming back and I am going away. Will you go with me?&rdquo; With what intensity he spoke, yet with what hardness. I quivered while I listened, yet I made no move to withdraw from him. Had he asked me to step with him from the housetop I should hardly have refused while his heart throbbed so wildly against mine and his eyes lured me on with such a promise of ecstasy. &ldquo;You will?&rdquo; How peremptory he could be. &ldquo;You will?&rdquo; How triumphant, also. I hardly realized what I had done till I stood abashed before Mrs. Vandyke, and told her I had engaged myself to marry Mr. Allison before he went to Europe. Then it seemed I had done a very good thing. She congratulated me heartily, and, seeing I had a certain fear of taking my aunt into my confidence, promised to sit down and write to her herself, using every encomium she could think of to make this sudden marriage, on my part, seem like the result of reason and wise forethought. &ldquo;Such an estimable man! such an old neighbor! so domestic in his tastes! and, oh! so wise to find out and make his own the slyest and most bewildering little beauty that has come into New York this many a season!&rdquo; These were some of her words, and, though pleasing at the time, they made me think deeply&mdash;much more deeply than I wished to, after I went upstairs to my room. &ldquo;Estimable! an old neighbor! domestic in his tastes!&rdquo; Had she said: &ldquo;Handsome! masterful in his air and spirit! a man to make a girl forget the real end of life and think only of present pleasure!&rdquo; I should not have had such a fierce reaction. But estimable! Was he estimable? I tried to cry out yes! I tried to keep down the memory of that moment when, with a dozen passions suddenly let loose (one of them fear), he strode by me and locked the door against all help, under an impetus he had tried in vain to explain. Nothing would quiet the still, small voice speaking in my breast, or give to the moment that unalloyed joy which belongs to a young girl&rsquo;s betrothal. I was afraid. Why? Mr. Allison never came in the evening, another of his peculiarities. Other men did, but what were other men to me now? This night I pleaded weariness (Mrs. Vandyke understood me), and remained in my room. I wanted to study the face of my lover under the new conditions. Was he in his old seat? Yes. And would he read, as usual, or study? No. He had thoughts of his own to-night, engrossing enough to hold him enthralled without the aid of his ordinary occupations; thoughts, thoughts of me, thoughts which should have cleared his brow and made his face a study of delight to me. But was it so? Alas! I had never seen it so troubled; lit with gleams of hope or happiness by spells, but mostly sunk in depths of profoundest contemplation, which gave to it a melancholy from which I shrank, and not the melancholy one longs to comfort and allay. What was on his mind? What was in his heart? Something he feared to have noted, for suddenly he rose with a start, and, for the first time since my eyes had sought that window, pulled down the shades and thus shut himself out from my view altogether. Was it a rebuke to my insistent watchfulness? or the confession of a reticent nature fearing to be surprised in its moment of weakness? I ought to know&mdash;I would know. To-morrow I would ask him if there was any sorrow in his life which a confiding girl ought to be made acquainted with before she yielded him her freedom. But the pang which pierced me at the thought, proved that I feared his answer too much to ever question him. I am thus explicit in regard to my thoughts and feelings at this time, that I may more fully account to you for what I did later. I had not, what every one else seemed to have, full confidence in this man, and yet the thrall in which I was held by the dominating power of his passion, kept me from seeking that advice even from my own intuitions, which might have led to my preservation. I was blind and knew I was blind, yet rushed on headlong. I asked him no questions till our wedding day. Men may enjoy such precipitation, but women do not. I was so troubled by what seemed the meagerness of my wardrobe and the lack of everything I had been accustomed to see brides bring their husbands, that I asked Mrs. Vandyke one day if Mr. Allison was a rich man. She answered, with a smile: &ldquo;No, my dear, not as we New-Yorkers count riches. Having the power of attorney for Mrs. Ransome, he handles a good deal of money; but very little of it is his own, though to you his five-thousand-a-year salary may seem a fortune.&rdquo; This was so much Greek to me, though I did understand he was not considered wealthy. &ldquo;Then my fawn-colored cloth will not be so very inappropriate for a wedding dress?&rdquo; I asked. &ldquo;I wish you could see yourself in it,&rdquo; she said, and that satisfied me. We were married simply, but to the sound of wonderful music, in a certain little church not far from &mdash; Street. My aunt was there and my four lovers, though they had said, one and all, they would not come. But I saw nothing, realized nothing, save the feverish anxiety of my bridegroom, who, up to the minute the final vows were uttered, seemed to be on a strain of mingled emotions, among which I seemed to detect that old one of fear. A pitiful outlook for an adoring bride, you will think, who, without real friends to interest themselves in her, allows herself to be pushed to a brink she is wise enough to see, but not strong enough to recoil from. Yes, but its full pathos did not strike me then. I only felt anxious to have the ceremony over, to know that the die was cast beyond my own powers of retraction; and when the words of the benediction at last fell upon my ears, it was with real joy I turned to see if they brought him as much rapture as they did me. Happily for that moment&rsquo;s satisfaction they did, and if a friend had been there with eyes to see and heart to feel, there would have been nothing in the air of open triumph with which Mr. Allison led me down the aisle to awaken aught but hope and confidence. My own hopes rose at the sight, and when at the carriage door he turned to give me a smile before he helped me in, nothing but the obstinacy of my nature prevented me from accepting the verdict of my acquaintances, &ldquo;That for a little country girl, with nothing but her good looks to recommend her, Delight Hunter had done remarkably well in the one short month she had been in the city.&rdquo; Mr. Allison had told me that it would be impossible for him to take me out of the city at present. It was therefore to the house on &mdash; Street we were driven. On the way he attempted to reconcile me to what he feared might strike me as dreary in the prospect. &ldquo;The house is partially closed,&rdquo; said he, &ldquo;and many of the rooms are locked. Even the great drawing-rooms have an uninhabited look, which will make them anything but attractive to a lover of sunshine and comfort; but the library is cheerful, and in that you can sit and imagine yourself at home till I can wind up my business affairs and make possible the trip upon which I have set my heart.&rdquo; &ldquo;Does that mean,&rdquo; I faintly ventured, &ldquo;that you will leave me to spend much of my time alone in that great echoing house?&rdquo; Here was my opportunity. I trembled as I thought of it, and stammered quite like a foolish child as I softly suggested: I will not give his answer; it was a passionate one, but it was not convincing. Pondering it and trying to persuade myself he alluded only to business cares and anxieties, I let the minute slip by and entered the house with doubts unsolved, but with no further effort to understand him. Remember, he was thirty-five and I but a chit of eighteen. In the hall stood the old serving-man with whose appearance I was already so familiar. He had a smile on his face, which formed my only welcome. He also had a napkin over his arm. &ldquo;Luncheon is served,&rdquo; he announced, with great formality; and then I saw through an open door the glitter of china and glass, and realized I was about to take my first meal with my husband. Mr. Allison had already told me that he intended to make no changes in his domestic arrangements for the few days we were likely to occupy this house. I had therefore expected that our meals would be served from the restaurant, and that Ambrose (the waiting-man) would continue to be the only other occupant of the house. But I was not sure whether the table would be still set for four, or whether he would waive this old custom now that he had a wife to keep him company at the once lonely board. I was eager to know, and as soon as I could lay aside my hat in the little reception-room, I turned my face towards the dining-room door, where my husband stood awaiting me with a bunch of great white roses in his hand. &ldquo;Sweets to the sweet,&rdquo; said he, with a smile that sunk down deep into my heart and made my eyes moisten with joy. In the hackneyed expression there rang nothing false. He was proud and he was glad to see me enter that dining-room as his wife. The next moment I was before the board, which had been made as beautiful as possible with flowers and the finest of dinner services. But the table was set for four, two of whom could only be present in spirit. I wondered if I were glad or sorry to see it&mdash;if I were more pleased with his loyalty to his absent employer, or disappointed that my presence had not made everybody else forgotten. To be consistent, I should have rejoiced at this evidence of sterling worth on his part; but girls are not consistent&mdash;at least, brides of an hour are not&mdash;and I may have pouted the least bit in the world as I pointed to the two places set as elaborately as our own, and said with the daring which comes with the rights of a wife: &ldquo;It would be a startling coincidence if Mrs. Ransome and her daughter should return today. I fear I would not like it.&rdquo; I was looking directly at him as I spoke, with a smile on my lips and my hand on the back of my chair. But the jest I had expected in reply did not come. Something in my tone or choice of topic jarred upon him, and his answer was a simple wave of his hand towards Ambrose, who at once relieved me of my bouquet, placing it in a tall glass at the side of my plate. &ldquo;Now we will sit,&rdquo; said he. I do not know how the meal would have passed had Ambrose not been present. As it was, it was a rather formal affair, and would have been slightly depressing, if I had not caught, now and then, flashing glances from my husband&rsquo;s eye which assured me that he found as much to enchain him in my presence as I did in his. What we ate I have no idea of. I only remember that in every course there was enough for four. As we rose, I was visited by a daring impulse. Ambrose had poured me out a glass of wine, which stood beside my plate undisturbed. As I stooped to recover my flowers again, I saw this glass, and at once lifted it towards him, crying: He recoiled. Yes, I am sure he gave a start back, though he recovered himself immediately and responded with grave formality to my toast. &ldquo;Does he not like Mrs. Ransome?&rdquo; I thought. &ldquo;Is the somewhat onerous custom he maintains here the result of a sense of duty rather than of liking?&rdquo; My curiosity was secretly whetted by the thought. But with a girl&rsquo;s lightness I began to talk of other things, and first of the house, which I now for the first time looked at with anything like seeing eyes. He was patient with me, but I perceived he did not enjoy this topic any more than the former one. &ldquo;It is not ours,&rdquo; he kept saying; &ldquo;remember that none of these old splendors are ours.&rdquo; &ldquo;They are more ours than they are Mrs. Ransome&rsquo;s, just now,&rdquo; I at last retorted, with one of my girlhood&rsquo;s saucy looks. &ldquo;At all events, I am going to play that it is ours tonight,&rdquo; I added, dancing away from him towards the long drawing-rooms where I hoped to come upon a picture of the absent lady of the house. &ldquo;Delight &ldquo;&mdash;he was quite peremptory now&mdash; &ldquo;I must ask you not to enter those rooms, however invitingly the doors may stand open. It is a notion, a whim of mine, that you do not lend your beauty to light up that ghostly collection of old pictures and ugly upholstery, and if you feel like respecting my wishes&mdash;&rdquo; &ldquo;But may I not stand in the doorway?&rdquo; I asked, satisfied at having been able to catch a glimpse of a full-length portrait of a lady who could be no other than Mrs. Ransome. &ldquo;See! my shadow does not even fall across the carpet. I won&rsquo;t do the room any harm, and I am sure that Mrs. Ransome&rsquo;s picture won&rsquo;t do me any.&rdquo; &ldquo;Come! come away!&rdquo; he cried; and humoring his wishes, I darted away, this time in the direction of the dining-room and Ambrose. &ldquo;My dear,&rdquo; remonstrated my husband, quickly following me, &ldquo;what has brought you back here?&rdquo; &ldquo;I want to see,&rdquo; said I, &ldquo;what Ambrose does with the food we did not eat. Such a lot of it!&rdquo; It was childish, but then I was a child and a nervous one, too. Perhaps he considered this, for, while he was angry enough to turn pale, he did not attempt any rebuke, but left it to Ambrose to say: &ldquo;Mr. Allison is very good, ma&rsquo;am. This food, which is very nice, is given each day to a poor girl who comes for it, and takes it home to her parents. I put it in this basket, and Mr. Allison gives it to the girl when she calls for it in the evening.&rdquo; &ldquo;Delight, why do you so often speak of Mrs. Ransome? Have you any reason for it? Has any one talked to you about her, that her name seems to be almost the only one on your lips in the few, short minutes we have been married?&rdquo; &ldquo;I think it was because you seem so ashamed of your devotion to them. I love to see your embarrassment, founded as it is upon the most generous instincts.&rdquo; His hand closed over mine with a fierceness that hurt me. &ldquo;Let us talk of love,&rdquo; he whispered. &ldquo;Delight, this is our wedding-day.&rdquo; After supper Mr. Allison put before me a large book. &ldquo;Amuse yourself with these pictures,&rdquo; said he; &ldquo;I have a little task to perform. After it is done I will come again and sit with you.&rdquo; &ldquo;You are not going out,&rdquo; I cried, starting up. &ldquo;No,&rdquo; he smiled, &ldquo;I am not going out.&rdquo; I sank back and opened the book, but I did not look at the pictures. Instead of that I listened to his steps moving about the house, rear and front, and finally going up what seemed to be a servant&rsquo;s staircase, for I could see the great front stairs from where I sat, and there was no one on them. &ldquo;Why do I not hear his feet overhead?&rdquo; I asked myself. &ldquo;That is the only room he has given me leave to enter. Does his task take him elsewhere?&rdquo; Seemingly so, for, though he was gone a good half hour, he did not enter the room above. Why should I think of so small a matter? It would be hard to say; perhaps I was afraid of being left in the great rooms alone; perhaps I was only curious; but I asked myself a dozen times before he reappeared, &ldquo;Where is he gone, and why does he stay away so long?&rdquo; But when he returned and sat down I said nothing. There was a little thing I noted, however. His hands were trembling, and it was five minutes before he met my inquiring look. This I should not consider worth mentioning if I had not observed the same hesitancy follow the same disappearance up-stairs on the succeeding night. It was the only time in the day when he really left me, and, when he came back, he was not like himself for a good half hour or more. &ldquo;I will not displease him with questions,&rdquo; I decided; &ldquo;but some day I will find my own way into those lofts above. I shall never be at rest till I do.&rdquo; What I expected to find there is as much a mystery to my understanding as my other doubts and fears. I hardly think I expected to find anything but a desk of papers, or a box with money in it or other valuables. Still the idea that something on the floor above had power to shadow my husband&rsquo;s face, even in the glow of his first love for me, possessed me so completely that, when he fell asleep one evening on the library lounge, I took the opportunity of stealing away and mounting the forbidden staircase to the third floor. I had found a candle in my bedroom, and this I took to light me. But it revealed nothing to me except a double row of unused rooms, with dust on the handles of all the doors. I scrutinized them all; for, young as I was, I had wit enough to see that if I could find one knob on which no dust lay that would be the one my husband was accustomed to turn. But every one showed tokens of not having been touched in years, and, baffled in my search, I was about to retreat, when I remembered that the house had four stories, and that I had not yet come upon the staircase leading to the one above. A hurried search (for I was mortally afraid of being surprised by my husband,) revealed to me at last a distant door, which had no dust on its knob. It lay at the bottom of a shut-in stair-case, and, convinced that here was, the place my husband was in the habit of visiting, I carefully fingered the knob, which turned very softly in my hand. But it did not open the door. There was a lock visible just below, and that lock was fastened. My first escapade was without visible results, but I was uneasy from that hour. I imagined all sorts of things hidden beyond that closed, door. I remembered that the windows of the fourth story were all boarded up, and asked myself why this had been done when the lower ones had been left open. I was young, but I had heard of occupations which could only be entered into by a man secretly. Did he amuse himself with forbidden tasks in that secluded place above, or was I but exaggerating facts which might have their basis simply in a quondam bachelor&rsquo;s desire for solitude and a quiet smoke. &ldquo;I will follow him up some night,&rdquo; thought I, &ldquo;and see if I cannot put an end at once to my unworthy fears and unhappy suspicions.&rdquo; But I never did; something happened very soon to prevent me. I was walking one morning in the grounds that lay about the house, when suddenly I felt something small but perceptibly hard strike my hat and bound quickly off. Astonished, for I was under no tree, under nothing indeed but the blue of heaven, I looked about for the object that had struck me. As I did so, I perceived my husband in his window, but his eyes, while upon me, did not see me, for no change passed over him as I groped about in the grass. &ldquo;In one of his contemplative moods,&rdquo; thought I, continuing my search. In another instant I started up. I had found a little thing like a bullet wrapped up in paper; but it was no bullet; it was a bead, a large gold bead, and on the paper which surrounded it were written words so fine I could not at first decipher them, but as soon as I had stepped away far enough to be out of the reach of the eyes I both loved and feared more than any in the world, I managed, by dint of great patience, and by placing the almost transparent paper on which they were written over one of the white satin strings of the cape I wore, to read these words: &ldquo;Help from the passing stranger! I am Elizabeth Ransome, owner of the house in which I have been imprisoned five years. Search for me in the upper story. You will find me there with my blind daughter. He who placed us here is below; beware his cunning.&rdquo; And underneath, these words: &ldquo;This is the twenty-fifth attempt I have made to attract attention to our unhappy fate. I can make but two more. There are but two beads left of Theresa&rsquo;s necklace.&rdquo; &ldquo;What is the matter, ma&rsquo;am? Are you ill?&rdquo; It was Ambrose; I knew his voice. Crushing the paper in my hand, I tried to look up; but it was in vain. The sting of sudden and complete disillusion had struck me to the heart; I knew my husband to be a villain. Only eighteen, but from that moment, a woman. Sunk in horror as I was, I yet had wit enough to clap my hands to my head and say I had been dazzled by the sun. Ambrose, who, in the week I had been with them, had shown himself delighted with the change my coming had made in the house, looked alarmed at this and wanted to call Mr. Allison; but I forbade him, and said I would go in by myself, which I did under a stress of will-power rarely exercised, I dare believe, by a girl so young and so miserable. &ldquo;What shall I say to him? how shall I meet him? how can I hide my knowledge and act as if this thing had never been?&rdquo; For even in that rush of confusing emotions I recognized one fact; that I must not betray by look or word that I knew his dreadful secret. If he were villain enough to keep a woman, and that woman the rightful owner of the property he was himself enjoying, in a prison he had made for her in her own house, then he was villain enough to strangle the one who had discovered this fact, were she the cherished darling of his seared and calculating heart. I was afraid of him now that I knew him, yet I never thought of flying his presence or revealing his crime. He was, villain or no villain, my husband, and nothing could ever undo that fact or make it true that I had never loved him. &ldquo;Humphrey,&rdquo; I said, &ldquo;when are we going to leave this house? I begin to find it lonesome.&rdquo; He was preparing to gather up his papers for his accustomed trip down town, but he stopped as I spoke, and look at me curiously. &ldquo;You are pale,&rdquo; he remarked, &ldquo;change and travel will benefit you. Dearest, we will try to sail for Europe in a week.&rdquo; A week! What did he mean? Leave his prisoners&mdash;alas, I understood his journeys to the top of the house now&mdash;and go away to Europe? I felt myself grow livid at the thought, and caught a spray of lilac from the table where I stood and held it to my face. &ldquo;Will your business affairs warrant it?&rdquo; I asked. &ldquo;Are you sure Mrs. Ransome&rsquo;s affairs will not suffer by your absence?&rdquo; Then, as I saw him turn white, I made a ghastly effort, happily hid by the flowers I held pressed against my face, and suggested, laughingly, &ldquo;How, if she should come back after your departure! would she meet the greeting she deserves?&rdquo; He was half the room away from me, but I heard the click of subdued passion in his throat, and turned sick almost to the point of fainting. &ldquo;It is four days since you mentioned Mrs. Ransome&rsquo;s name,&rdquo; he said. &ldquo;When we are gone from here you must promise that it shall never again pass your lips. Mrs. Ransome is not a good woman, Delight.&rdquo; It was a lie yet his manner of speaking it, and the look with which he now approached me, made me feel helpless again, and I made haste to rush from the room, ostensibly to prepare for our trip down town, in order to escape my own weakness and gain a momentary self-possession before we faced the outside world. Only eighteen years old and confronted by such a diabolical problem! I was too young to reason in those days. Had I not been, had I been able to say to myself that no act requiring such continued precaution could take place in the heart of a great city without ultimate, if not instant, detection, instinct would still have assured me that what I read was true, however improbable or unheard of it might seem. That the recognition of this fact imposed upon me two almost irreconcilable duties I was slower to perceive. But soon, too soon, it became apparent even to my girlish mind, that, as the wife of the man who had committed this great and inconceivable wrong, I was bound, not only to make an immediate attempt to release the women he so outrageously held imprisoned in their own house, but to so release them that he should escape the opprobrium of his own act. That I might have time to think, and that I might be saved, if but for one day, contact with one it was almost my duty to hate, I came back to him with the plea that I might spend the day with the Vandykes instead of accompanying him down town as usual. I think he was glad of the freedom my absence offered him, for he gave me the permission I asked, and in ten minutes I was in my old home. Mrs. Vandyke received me with effusion. It was not the first time she had seen me since my marriage, but it was the first time she had seen me alone. &ldquo;My dear!&rdquo; she exclaimed, turning me about till my unwilling face met the light, &ldquo;is this the wild-wood lassie I gave into Mr. Allison&rsquo;s keeping a week ago!&rdquo; I managed to stammer out a reply, &ldquo;Mr. Allison does not consider that his rights extend so far. I have never crossed the drawing-room floor.&rdquo; &ldquo;Well! that is carrying honor to an extreme. I am afraid I should not be able to suppress my curiosity to that extent. Is he afraid of the old lady returning unexpectedly and catching him?&rdquo; I could not echo her laugh; I could not even smile; I could only pucker up my brows as if angry. &ldquo;Everything is kept in shape, so that if she does return she will find the house comfortable,&rdquo; I said; then, with a rising sense of having by this speech suggested a falsehood, I hastily dropped the topic, and, with an entire change of manner, remarked, airily: &ldquo;Mrs. Ransome must have gone off very suddenly, to leave everything so exposed in a house as splendid as that. Most people, however rich, see to their choice things more carefully.&rdquo; She rose to the bait. &ldquo;Mrs. Ransome is a queer woman. Her things are of but little account to her; to save her daughter from a moment&rsquo;s pain she would part with the house itself, let alone the accumulations it contains. That is why she left the country so suddenly.&rdquo; I waited a moment under the pretense of admiring a locket she wore, then I suggested, quietly: &ldquo;My husband told you that?&rdquo; The answer was as careless as the speaker. &ldquo;Oh, I don&rsquo;t know who told me. It&rsquo;s five years ago now, but every one at the time understood that she was angry, because some one mentioned blindness before her daughter. Mrs. Ransome had regarded it as a religious duty to raise her daughter in ignorance of her affliction. When she found she could not do so among her friends and acquaintances, she took her away to a strange land. It is the only tradition, which is not commonplace, which belongs to the family. Let us go up and see my new gowns. I have had two come home from Arnold&rsquo;s since you went away.&rdquo; I thought the gowns would keep a minute longer. &ldquo;Did Mrs. Ransome say good-by to her friends?&rdquo; I asked. &ldquo;Somehow this matter strikes me as being very romantic.&rdquo; &ldquo;Oh, that shows what a puss you are. No, Mrs. Ransome did not say good-by to her friends, that is, not to us. She just went, leaving everything in your husband&rsquo;s charge, who certainly has acquitted himself of the obligation most religiously. And now will you see the gowns?&rdquo; I tortured myself by submitting to this ordeal, then I ventured on another and entirely different attempt to clear up the mystery that was fast stifling out my youth, love and hope. I professed to have an extraordinary desire to see the city from the house-top. I had never been any higher up than the third story of any house I had been in, and could not, I told her, go any higher in the house in which I was then living. Might I go up on her roof? Her eyes opened, but she was of an amiable, inconsequent disposition and let me have my way without too much opposition. So, together with a maid she insisted upon sending with me, I made my way through the skylight on to the roof, and so into full view of the neighboring house-tops. One glance at the spot I was most interested in, and I found myself too dizzy to look further. In the center of Mrs. Ransome&rsquo;s roof there was to be seen what I can best describe as an extended cupola without windows. As there was no other break visible in the roof, the top of this must have held the skylight, which, being thus lifted many feet above the level of the garret floor, would admit air and light enough to the boarded-up space below, but would make any effort to be heard or seen, on the part of any one secreted there, quite ineffectual. One might, by a great effort, fling up a bead out of this funnel-shaped opening, but, even to my limited sense of mechanics, the chances seemed very unfavorable towards it doing much more than roll over the spacious roof into the huge gutters surrounding it. Yet, if it chose to bound, it might clear the coping and fall, as one had fallen, on the devoted head of a person walking on the lawn below. All this I saw at a glance, and then, sick and dizzy, I crept back, and, with but little apology for my abruptness, took leave of Mrs. Vandyke and left the house. The resolution I took in doing this was worthy of an older head and a more disciplined heart. By means that were fair, or by means that were foul, I meant to win my way into that boarded-up attic and see for myself if the words hidden away in my vinaigrette were true. To do this openly would cause a scandal I was yet too much under my husband&rsquo;s influence to risk; while to do it secretly meant the obtaining of keys which I had every reason to believe he kept hidden about his person. How was I to obtain them? I saw no way, but that did not deter me from starting at once down town in the hope of being struck by some brilliant idea while waiting for him in his office. I had never done a mean or underhanded thing before in my life, but I sprang at that vest without the least hesitation, and fingering it with the lightest of touches, found in the smallest of inside pockets a key, which instinct immediately told me was that of the door I had once endeavored to pass. Oh, the rush of feeling overwhelming me as I held it in my hand! Would he miss it if I carried it off? Would I be able to return to the house, see what I wanted to see, and get back in time to restore it before he wanted his vest? It was early yet, and he was very busy; I might succeed, and if I failed, and he detected his loss, why I alone would be the sufferer; and was I not a sufferer now? Dropping the key into my pocket, I went back into the outer room, and leaving word that I had remembered a little shopping which would take me again up town, I left the building and returned to &mdash; Street. My emotions were indescribable, but I preserved as sedate an appearance as possible, and was able to account for my return in a natural enough way to Ambrose when he opened the door for me. To brave his possible curiosity by going up-stairs, required a still greater effort; but the thought that my intentions were pure and my daring legitimate, sustained me in the ordeal, and I ran, singing, up the first flight, glad that Ambrose had no better ear for music than to be pleased with what he probably considered an evidence of happiness on the part of his young mistress. I was out of breath with suspense, as well as with my rapid movements, when I reached the shut-in staircase and carefully unlocked its narrow door. But by the time I had reached the fourth floor, and unlocked, with the same key, the only other door that had a streak of light under it, I had gained a certain degree of tense composure born of the desperate nature of the occasion. The calmness with which I pushed open the door proved this&mdash;a calmness which made the movement noiseless, which was the reason, I suppose, why I was enabled to suppress the shriek that rose to my lips as I saw that the room had occupants, and that my worst fears were thus realized. A woman was sitting, with her back to me, at a table, and before her, with her face turned my way, was a young girl in whom, even at first glance, I detected some likeness to myself. Was this why Mr. Allison&rsquo;s countenance expressed so much agitation when he first saw me? The next moment this latter lifted her head and looked directly at me, but with no change in her mobile features; at which token of blindness I almost fell on my knees, so conclusively did it prove that I was really looking upon Mrs. Ransome and her daughter. The mother, who had been directing her daughter&rsquo;s hands in some needlework, felt that the latter&rsquo;s attention had been diverted. &ldquo;What is it, dear?&rdquo; she asked, with an indescribable mellowness of voice, whose tone thrilled me with a fresh and passionate pity. &ldquo;I thought I heard Mr. Allison come in, but he always knocks; besides, it is not time for him yet.&rdquo; And she sighed. That sigh went through my heart, rousing new feelings and deeper terrors; but I had no time to indulge in them, for the mother turned at the gasp which left my lips, and rising up, confronted me with an amazement which left her without any ability to speak. &ldquo;Who is it, mother?&rdquo; inquired the blind girl, herself rising and beaming upon me with the sweetest of looks. &ldquo;Let me answer,&rdquo; I ventured, softly. &ldquo;I am Mr. Allison&rsquo;s wife. I have come to see if there is anything I can do to make your stay here more comfortable.&rdquo; The look that passed over the mother&rsquo;s face warned me to venture no further in the daughter&rsquo;s presence. Whatever that mother had suffered, the daughter had experienced nothing but satisfied love and companionship in these narrow precincts. Her rounded cheeks showed this, and the indescribable atmosphere of peace and gladness which surrounded her. As I saw this, and realized the mother&rsquo;s life and the self-restraint which had enabled her to accept the inevitable without raising a complaint calculated to betray to the daughter that all was not as it should be with them, I felt such a rush of awe sweep over me that some of my fathomless emotion showed in my face; for Mrs. Ransome&rsquo;s own countenance assumed a milder look, and advancing nearer, she pointed out a room where we could speak apart. As I moved towards it she whispered a few words in her daughter&rsquo;s ear, then she rejoined me. &ldquo;I did not know Mr. Allison was married,&rdquo; were her first words. &ldquo;Madame,&rdquo; said I, &ldquo;I did not know we were the guests of a lady who chooses to live in retirement.&rdquo; And opening my vinaigrette, I took out the bead and the little note which had enwrapped it. &ldquo;This was my first warning that my husband was not what I had been led to consider him,&rdquo; I murmured. &ldquo;Mrs. Ransome, I am in need of almost as much pity as yourself. I have been married just six days.&rdquo; She gave a cry, looked me wildly in the face, and then sank upon her knees, lifting up thanks to heaven. &ldquo;Twenty-four of these notes,&rdquo; said she; &ldquo;have I written, and flung upward through that lofty skylight, weighted by the beads he left wound about my darling daughter&rsquo;s neck. This one only has brought me the least response. Does he know? Is he willing that you should come up here?&rdquo; &ldquo;I have come at the risk of my life,&rdquo; I quietly answered. &ldquo;He does not know that I have surprised his secret. He would kill me if he did. Madame, I want to free you, but I want to do it without endangering him. I am his wife, and three hours ago I loved him.&rdquo; &ldquo;Oh, madame!&rdquo; I murmured, &ldquo;Oh, madame! Show a poor girl what she can do to restore you to your rights. The door is open and you can descend; but that means&mdash;- Oh, madame, I am filled with terror when I think what. He may be in the hall now. He may have missed the key and returned. If only you were out of the house!&rdquo; &ldquo;My dear girl,&rdquo; she quietly replied, &ldquo;we will be some day. You will see to that, I know. I do not think I could stay here, now that I have seen another face than his. But I do not want to go now, to-day. I want to prepare Theresa for freedom; she has lived so long quietly with me that I dread the shock and excitement of other voices and the pressure of city sounds upon her delicate ears. I must train her for contact with the world. But you won&rsquo;t forget me if I allow you to lock us in again? You will come back and open the doors, and let me go down again through my old halls into the room where my husband died; and if Mr. Allison objects&mdash; My dear girl, you know now that he is an unscrupulous man, that it is my money he begrudged me, and that he has used it and made himself a rich man. But he has one spark of grace in him. He has never forgotten that we needed bread and clothes. He has waited on us himself, and never have we suffered from physical want. Therefore, he may not object now. He may feel that he has enriched himself sufficiently to let us go free, and if I must give my oath to let the past go without explanation, why I am ready, my dear; nothing can undo it now, and I am grown too old to want money except for her.&rdquo; &ldquo;I cannot,&rdquo; I murmured, &ldquo;I cannot find courage to present the subject to him so. I do not know my husband&rsquo;s mind. It is a fathomless abyss to me. Let me think of some other way. Oh, madam! if you were out of the house, and could then come&mdash;&rdquo; Suddenly a thought struck me. &ldquo;I can do it; I see the way to do it&mdash;a way that will place you in a triumphant position, and yet save him from suspicion. He is weary of this care. He wants to be relieved of the dreadful secret which anchors him to this house, and makes a hell of the very spot in which he has fixed his love. Shall we undertake to do this for him? Can you trust me if I promise to take an immediate impression of this key, and have one made for myself, which shall insure my return here?&rdquo; &ldquo;My dear,&rdquo; she said, taking my head between her two trembling hands, &ldquo;I have never looked upon a sweeter face than my daughter&rsquo;s till I looked upon yours to-day. If you bid me hope, I will hope, and if you bid me trust, I will trust. The remembrance of this kiss will not let you forget.&rdquo; And she embraced me in a warm and tender manner. &ldquo;I will write you,&rdquo; I murmured. &ldquo;Some day look for a billet under the door. It will tell you what to do; now I must go back to my husband.&rdquo; And, with a sudden access of fear, caused by my dread of meeting his eyes with this hidden knowledge between us, I hastened out and locked the door behind me. When I reached the office, I was in a fainting condition, but all my hopes revived again when I saw the vest still hanging where I had left it, and heard my husband&rsquo;s voice singing cheerfully in the adjoining room. I cannot enter into the feelings of this dreadful time. I do not know if I loved or hated the man I had undertaken to save. I only know I was determined to bring light out of darkness in a way that would compromise nobody, possibly not even myself. But to do this I must dazzle him into giving me a great pleasure. A crowd in the &mdash; Street house was necessary to the quiet escape of Mrs. Ransome and her daughter; so a crowd we must have, and how have a crowd without giving a grand party? I knew that this would be a shocking proposition to him, but I was prepared to meet all objections; and when, with every nerve alert and every charm exerted to its utmost, I sat down at his side that evening to plead my cause, I knew by the sparkle of his eye and the softening of the bitter lines that sometimes hardened his mouth, that the battle was half won before I spoke, and that I should have my party whatever it might cost him in mental stress and worry. At last the night came. An entertainment given in this great house had aroused much interest. Most of our invitations had been accepted, and the affair promised to be brilliant. As a bride, I wore white, and when, at the moment of going downstairs, my husband suddenly clasped about my neck a rich necklace of diamonds, I was seized by such a bitter sense of the contrast between appearances and the awful reality underlying these festivities, that I reeled in his arms, and had to employ all the arts which my dangerous position had taught me, to quiet his alarm, and convince him that my emotion sprang entirely from pleasure. At last our guests were assembled, and I had an instant to myself. Murmuring a prayer for courage, I slid from the room and ran up-stairs. Here all was bustle also&mdash;a bustle I delighted in, for, with so many people moving about, Mrs. Ransome and her daughter could pass out without attracting more than a momentary attention. Securing a bundle I had myself prepared, I glided up the second staircase, and, after a moment&rsquo;s delay, succeeded in unlocking the door and disappearing with my bundle into the fourth story. When I came down, the key I had carried up was left behind me. The way for Mrs. Ransome&rsquo;s escape lay open. I do not think I had been gone ten minutes from the drawing-room. When I returned there, it was to find the festivities at their height, and my husband just on the point of missing me. The look which he directed to-wards me pierced me to the heart; not that I was playing him false, for I was risking life, love and the loss of everything I prized, to save him from himself; but that his love for me should be so strong he could forget the two tortured hearts above, in the admiration I had awakened in the shallow people about us. But I smiled, as a woman on the rack might smile if the safety of her loved ones depended on her courage, and, nerving myself for the suspense of such a waiting as few of my inexperience have ever been called upon to endure, I turned to a group of ladies I saw near me and began to talk. Happily, I did not have to chatter long; happily, Mrs. Ransome was quick in her movements and exact in all she did, and, sooner than I expected, sooner, perhaps, than I was prepared for it, the man who attended the front door came to my side and informed me that a lady wished to see me&mdash;a lady who had just arrived from the steamer, and who said she was the mistress of the house, Mrs. Ransome. Mrs. Ransome! The name spread like wildfire, but before any movement was made, I had bounded, in laughing confusion, to my husband&rsquo;s side, and, grasping him merrily by the arm, cried: &ldquo;Your expectations have come true. Mrs. Ransome has returned without warning, and tonight she will partake of the supper you have always had served for her.&rdquo; He moved, but as a statue might move, shot through and through with an electric spark. I saw that I must act, rather than he, so uttering some girlish sentence about the mice and cat, I glided away into the hall, where Mrs. Ransome stood in the nondescript black cloak and bonnet I had provided her from her own wardrobe. She had slipped a few moments before from the house with her daughter, whom she had placed in a carriage, which I had ordered to wait for them directly in front of the lamppost, and had now re-entered as the mistress returning unexpectedly after a departure of five years. All had been done as I had planned, and it only remained to carry on the farce and prevent its developing into a tragedy. Rushing up to her, I told her who I was, and, as we were literally surrounded in a moment, added such apologies for the merrymaking in which she found us indulging as my wit suggested and the occasion seemed to demand. Then I allowed her to speak. Instantly she was the mistress of the house. Old-fashioned as her dress was, and changed as her figure must have been, she had that imposing bearing which great misfortune, nobly borne, gives to some natures, and feeling the eyes of many of her old friends upon her, she graciously smiled and said that she was delighted to receive so public a welcome. Then she took me by the hand. &ldquo;Do not worry, child,&rdquo; she said, &ldquo;I have a daughter about your age, which in itself would make me lenient towards one so young and pretty. Where is your husband, dear? He has served me well in my absence, and I should like to shake hands with him before I withdraw with my daughter, to a hotel for the night.&rdquo; I looked up; he was standing in the open doorway leading into the drawing-room. He had recovered a semblance of composure, but the hand fingering the inner pocket, where he kept his keys, showed in what a tumult of surprise and doubt he had been thrown by this unaccountable appearance of his prisoner in the open hall; and if to other eyes he showed no more than the natural confusion of the moment, to me he had the look of a secretly desperate man, alive to his danger, and only holding himself in check in order to measure it. At the mention she made of his name, he came mechanically forward, and, taking her proffered hand, bowed over it. &ldquo;Welcome.&rdquo; he murmured, in strained tones; then, startled by the pressure of her fingers on his, he glanced doubtfully up while she said: &ldquo;We will have no talk to-night, my faithful and careful friend, but to-morrow you may come and see me at the Fifth Avenue. You will find that my return will not lessen your manifest happiness.&rdquo; Then, as he began to tremble, she laid her hand on his arm, and I heard her smilingly whisper: &ldquo;You have too pretty a wife for me not to wish my return to be a benefaction to her.&rdquo; And, with a smile to the crowd and an admonition to those about her not to let the little bride suffer from this interruption, she disappeared through the great front door on the arm of the man who for five years had held her prisoner in her own house. I went back into the drawing-room, and the five minutes which elapsed between that moment and that of his return were the most awful of my life. When he came back I had aged ten years, yet all that time I was laughing and talking. He did not rejoin me immediately; he went up-stairs. I knew why; he had gone to see if the door to the fourth floor had been unlocked or simply broken down. When he came back he gave me one look. Did he suspect me? I could not tell. After that, there was another blank in my memory to the hour when the guests were all gone, the house all silent, and we stood together in a little room, where I had at last discovered him, withdrawn by himself, writing. There was a loaded pistol on the table. The paper he had been writing was his will. &ldquo;Humphrey,&rdquo; said I, placing a finger on the pistol, &ldquo;why is this?&rdquo; He gave me a look, a hungry, passionate look, then he grew as white as the paper he had just subscribed with his name. &ldquo;I am ruined,&rdquo; he murmured. &ldquo;I have made unwarrantable use of Mrs. Ransome&rsquo;s money; her return has undone me. Delight, I love you, but I cannot face the future. You will be provided for&mdash;&rdquo; &ldquo;Will I?&rdquo; I put in softly, very softly, for my way was strewn with pitfalls and precipices. &ldquo;I do not think so, Humphrey. If the money you have put away is not yours, my first care would be to restore it. Then what would I have left? A dowry of odium and despair, and I am scarcely eighteen.&rdquo; &ldquo;But&mdash;but&mdash;you do not understand, Delight. I have been a villain, a worse villain than you think. The only thing in my life I have not to blush for is my love for you. This is pure, even if it has been selfish. I know it is pure, because I have begun to suffer. If I could tell you&mdash; Would he hate me? Would he love me? Would he turn that fatal weapon on me, or level it again towards his own breast? For a moment I could not tell; then the white horror in his face broke up, and, giving me a look I shall never forget till I die, he fell prostrate on his knees and lowered his proud head before me. I did not touch it, but from that moment the schooling of our two hearts began, and, though I can never look upon my husband with the frank joy I see in other women&rsquo;s faces, I have learned not to look upon him with distrust, and to thank God I did not forsake him when desertion might have meant the destruction of the one small seed of goodness which had developed in his heart with the advent of a love for which nothing in his whole previous life had prepared him.