ANDY BURNETT reached California in the autumn of 1832. It is impossible to say exactly where he and his three horses crossed the Sierras. He may have found his way past what is now called Donner Lake and so over the summit and down the American River; or, more probably, he may have picked a route farther north. Andy was an old-time mountain man, of ten years' experience in the Rockies, and a range of mountains more or less presented to him, at this time of year, no extraordinary difficulties. He did not suffer from lack of food, because, before he had left the deer country, he had laid in a sufficient stock of jerked meat. His animals came through in good shape for the reason that, before he took them out of the rich grasses of the hanging meadows at the six-thousand-foot level, he had scouted afoot to find out exactly where next he should land them. He neither lost nor crippled them, for he knew what a horse could do; he had developed an eye for the "lay" of country, and he allowed himself to be led by the logic of geological formations, which Andy had never studied, of which he could have told you nothing, but along which his experience-developed instinct led him as down a broad highway. He made no plunging, heart-bursting, exhausting struggles through the snows. When he came to the snow he sat down quietly and fed himself and his horses, and smoked his pipe, and waited. Then, when the surface had hardened, he led his buckskin-shod animals over the crust. He even took time at the summit to look abroad admiringly on a world made fragile by the moon. Once across the Divide, he stopped at a soggy Alpine pocket amid the granite, where were willows, and short grasses, and flowers, and small rivulets chuckling over some secret they were bringing from under the snow. Andy had already visited the pocket, afoot. Here again he waited and smoked his pipe, until sundry upside-down birdlings in the willows told him it was near to morning. This was as far as Andy had scouted in advance. The rest was downhill. Every trickle of water showed him direction, but he knew better than to follow the streams. Streams are gay and bounding people who think nothing of foaming leaps and tumbled boulders. They have a way of luring one down easy ways until he finds himself in a cañon some thousands of feet deep, and then disappearing over edges. Andy wanted a gentle descent, so he kept to the ridge of a "hog's back," where were only minor problems of ledge and cliff. Then he left the willows and entered pines. Some of the riding was over a brown, thick carpet of needles through the spaced columns of a cathedral: some of it was badly complicated by the snow brush and manzanita. Andy took his time. He refused to involve himself, to plunge ahead regardless, in blind confidence that there was another side, near by, accessible. Never for a moment was absent from his mind the last spot where would be available the two necessities, grass&mdash;or browse&mdash;and water; to which he could, if need arose, back-track for a fresh start. The cañons dropped swiftly away below him to left and right. Through the thick shafts of the yellow pines he caught glimpses of the blue of depth, and the forested slope across, like ruffled fur. After a time, on the second day since leaving the Alpine meadow, the rounded slope of the hog's back plunged to a steep descent. The pines dwindled and scattered. Small oaks appeared here and there, and pungent sage, and the brittle rustlings of chaparral. The air tasted hot and dry in the nostrils; and lizards darted and stopped, darted and stopped, curtseying up and down and inflating the soft-brilliance of their throats. Here was no water, and Andy had to make a dry camp. He had exhausted his canteen and was thirsty. So were his horses; and hungry as well. In the depths of the cañon below ran clear water, and the bottom widened to a flat with cottonwood and grass. Nothing prevented a steep descent. But Andy was a mountain man and knew better than to yield to the temptation, as did later many an unfortunate who has left us an account of his tribulations. He caught his loose horses and tied them to be led, and sucked a bullet, and did not hurry. And at the last, after a multitude of minor checks which Andy patiently circumvented, the horses braced their feet and half slid, half scrambled down the last powdery steep of the hog's back to meet again beyond the "breaks"&mdash;the cool trickle from the snows, now grown to a river. Andy was a little hungry, the horses were somewhat gaunted. But he had suffered no great hardships, been in no imminent danger. He had crossed the Sierra as he had crossed a hundred times through unknown passes of the Rockies. It was to him part of the day's work. It never occurred to him that he had done anything extraordinary. That point of view was reserved for the "pathfinders" and the greenhorns who would come later, the "explorers" who were to follow more bunglingly his trails, and the trails of his fellows, without his slow patience or his cunning, to be written of in books. NEVERTHELESS, even to Andy it was a queer country. Its conditions were strange to him. The sky was clear and deeply blue. The sun was strong. The air was hot. But the strength of the sun had no oppressive weight. It poured downlike a golden flood. Every tissue in Andy's body expanded to absorb it. Its very fire was grateful. The air rose in shimmers like the blast from an open furnace. Its heat bit his nostrils, But his skin was dry and his vigor unimpaired. The sagebrush of the bottom lands and the low hills crackled with the brittleness of desiccation as he moved through it. Its odor rose pungent to his nostrils. The earth was baked to an iron hardness. On its surface lingered a few dried sparse patches of the grasses of a former season, thin and fragile, without virtue. It seemed an inhospitable land. The water was cold and clear. The man and his animals quenched their thirst. But that was all. Andy went hunting. There were no deer, though plenty of tracks petrified in what had been mud, many months before. The horses nuzzled the grass, then turned away. But shortly Andy noticed them eagerly licking the apparently bare ground. Examining closely he found it covered with small oily seeds, the fruit of the burr clover. After an incredibly brief time the beasts retired to the shade, stood on three legs, and snoozed. They were satisfyingly fed. On the side hill, among the small vales he heard a snuffling, and saw the great brown body of a grizzly eating the acorns beneath the trees. Like most sensible mountain men, he had always avoided when possible an encounter with these animals, having found that they were in general harmless when undisturbed, but formidable in combat, especially to a man in command of but a single small bullet. But the jerked meat was exhausted, and there seemed no other game but quail, on which Andy was reluctant to expend his precious ammunition. So without haste he went into war, delivering his shot coolly, springing into the branches of an oak when the beast charged, awaiting there in confidence the effect of his carefully delivered heart shot. That night he feasted on bear steak. The next morning he caught up his horses, already filling out their gauntness, tied the bear's paws to his saddle, and rode to the west. All day he moved in and out of diminishing hills. Live oaks were spaced on their slopes and crests as though planted for a park. The sagebrush ended. The dry brown grass thickened, grew tall. Just before sunset he eased himself in his saddle and looked abroad over the plains of the great valley. The sun was in his eyes, its rim just touching gold-powdered mountains fat and low to the west. The heat of the day was lifting. From the snows of the Sierra breathed an air. The plains were like a great brown sea. Under a breath of breeze all its surface rippled. With a heavier puff of wind it broke into waves which ran away and away until lost in the horizon haze. A herd of elk grazed in the middle distance; a long patterned flight of wild fowl cut the lucent green of the western sky. In the air was a deep humming undertone of bees, a calling of small birds, a liquid, checked half-song of a meadowlark remembering spring. A released fragrance of ripe grasses clung to the last of the day's warmth. From cottonwoods at the stream's edge floated the mourning of doves. Andy straightened in his saddle with a deep sigh. It seemed to him, for the moment, at least, that he had at last found the peace for which he had journeyed so far. The cloud of frustration, of tragedy, of loss of those he held most dear, of gathering bitterness and strife, had broken against the serenity of those distant peaks turning rose in the sunset. He had escaped into the Lovely Land. THAT night he slept among the cottonwoods. Next day he rode through the waist-high grasses. Soon he ran into swarms of game&mdash;elk, antelope, deer in herds throughout the bottoms. Andy had never seen so many waterfowl; had never imagined there could be so many, anywhere. They covered the surfaces of the small lakes so thickly that, even from the vantage of his saddle, Andy could discern but a gleam of water here and there. As he rode nearer he found the borders of these ponds eaten, or beaten, bare for a hundred feet or more, to form muddy beaches, and that the beaches too were covered with the ducks and geese, basking or preening in the sun. He rode among them. They waddled away, to right or left, shaking their tails in indignation, gabbling their opinion of discourtesy. But they did not fly. Andy waved his arms and shouted. A few of the more nervous sprang into the air; but immediately dropped down again. But every head was turned accusingly toward the intruder; and into the peaceful air arose a mighty chorus of quackings and honkings. For the first time since the fatal Rendezvous at Pierre's Hole a slow grave smile lightened Andy's face. "Now, look here!" he expostulated, speaking aloud after the fashion of the man who spends much of his year in solitude, "I've got as much right here as you have! I never in my life been so cussed out!" A goose stretched her neck at him, hissing, seeming almost decided to nip a horse's legs. Andy turned his smile toward this valiant but somewhat ridiculous champion. "No, you don't, old girl," said he. "I've got a trick of my own!" On a sudden impulse he extended the long rifle and fired it into the air. A blank instant silence followed the sharp crack of the piece, broken a half second later by the crash as of a mighty waterfall as the birds took wing. It seemed as if the dark earth were lifting to expose the hidden silver of the lake. The air was filled with hurtling bodies. The very sky was darkened. And another great roar, and a third, like successive peals of thunder, rolled across the man's astonishment; and then a smooth high silence made up of the thin whistlings of thousands upon thousands of wings. But the startlement was only momentary. Almost at once the birds began to drop back to their resting places, at first by ones and twos, then by tens and twenties, finally by thousands. Each volplaned down at a sharp angle, up-ended, lowered yellow webbed feet, set the brakes of outspread pinions, furrowed the water in a long silver curve, and came to rest, wagging his tail vigorously, fluffing his plumes, and quack-quacking his resentment at the shock to his nerves. Andy threw back his head and laughed long and joyously. A cloud seemed to have rolled away, a physical weight to have been lifted from his somber spirit. He rode on, whistling under his breath, with a new eye cocked to the low circling marsh hawks and the high sailing vultures and the remote calm blue of the sky. But when, a time later, he brought his gaze back from this high ecstasy to the practical affairs of life, he drew rein abruptly with a swift curse at his lapse from the mountain-bred wariness which until now he had never relaxed for a single moment of his ten years in the wilderness, a wariness that had brought him this far safely through many dangers, but which now, it appeared, he had abandoned at exactly the wrong time. For he had ridden unseeing over a low undulation of the plains smack into the middle of a wandering band of Indians. They surrounded him on all sides, thirty or forty of them, and were standing silent, looking at him. Andy was accustomed to the Indians of the plains and the mountains, a fine warlike people, with considerable claim to a civilization of their own. Save for the miserable creatures at the water holes of the Utah desert, whom he had encountered when with Jedediah Smith, he had never seen as wild and primitive a lot as this. He sat his horse quietly and looked them over, trying to size up the situation, to determine a course of action. And while he did so, he cursed himself as a heedless fool. They were a hard-looking lot, Andy thought, short, squat, heavily muscled, with flat expressionless faces and small beady eyes, Most of them were naked, except for a scrap of skin. One man wore a curious robe made of ropes of feathers twisted together. A few had plastered themselves with an overcoat of mud. Many were tattooed with blue-black transverse stripes across the face and body. Their hair was as coarse as thread. Most wore it long, to the waist; but some had trimmed it to five or six inches, and its stiffness stood it out like bristles. Andy's eyes ran over them appraisingly, seeking for indications that might guide his course of action. He saw women, which was encouraging in a way&mdash;or would have been were these Indians whose habits he knew. The men carried short bows, which was not so good. All were afoot; but Andy could not risk a dash, not with a laden pack horse, anyway. They made no hostile demonstration. In fact, they did not move at all; they merely stared. Andy spoke to them in sign language. He tried them in several of the trans-mountain dialects, finally in Spanish. They continued to stare. At length he gathered up his reins and, rather gingerly, moved his horse forward. They did not offer to stop him. But they accompanied him. When again he drew rein, after a few yards, they too halted. And continued to stare. Andy pondered. The situation was decidedly perplexing. Though not at the moment hostile, these people had him at their mercy, unless he could disengage himself. And just how was he to do that? Finally one who might have been a headman or chief&mdash;at least, he wore a headdress of woven grass and feathers&mdash;stepped forward&mdash;Andy eyed him narrowly for a sign of hostility, testing the looseness of his knife in its sheath. The man touched one of the bear paws hanging at Andy's saddlebow and said something. Andy did not comprehend the words, but he did the look of inquiry. When the Indian understood that Andy had killed the bear he threw back his head and gave utterance to a long wolf-like howl. The unwinking immobility of the bystanders broke. A number ran off through the grass in several directions. The others chattered to one another, moved about. But none ventured to approach, nor was there any evidence of hostile intention. Andy sat his saddle in alert expectation for five minutes; then ventured to move on. They made no offer to hinder him; but followed after, like a pack of dogs. Andy did not like that. He rode in momentary expectation of an arrow in his back. But there was nothing else to do; so he continued, trying at first to watch as well as he could. It was impossible to do so with any efficiency because of the high grass. Finally he gave it up with a shrug. After a time, from the elevation of his saddle, he began to see the bobbing heads and shoulders of other Indians converging from several directions, hundreds of them. As they came nearer he noticed that each wore a single white feather in his hair. He stopped; then rode on. If he was to fight, one spot was as good as another, unless he could gain some vantage point. He spied about him for a grove of trees, a thicket, even a slight elevation. There was none. As the newcomers drew nearer Andy saw that many of them were women, and that they bore armfuls of green branches and tules, These, when they had approached, they proceeded to scatter in handfuls before the hoofs of Andy's saddle horse. He rode forward on an improvised carpet. Gradually he gained confidence. They seemed to be honoring him in a rude fashion of their own. But as he looked about at the impassive, ugly, stupid, cruel faces, he was not so sure. The bead-like eyes stared at him unblinking. After some hours he saw in the distance a low butte-like hill with a flat top. Unmolested he rode to this, dismounted, tied his horses nose to nose, made the best disposition he could for defense. That was not much; the people crowded about him too closely. He sat in the midst of his possessions, his long rifle across his knees, and waited. He wondered what he should do when night fell. The Indians stared at him. Andy's nerves were good; but this was beginning to get him a little. More women came in. They brought baskets which they set down before him, dozens of baskets. Soon he was fairly barricaded by them. He examined them. They were filled with acorn meal, with bread in small dingy loaves, with grass seeds, with dried grasshoppers. He tasted some of the bread and found it bitter, but the action seemed to please the savages. The sun set. Andy managed to convey the idea that he wished the top of the hill to himself. To his great surprise the whole multitude withdrew to its base, where they camped below him in a great circle. Andy unsaddled his horses, picketed them, made of his belongings and the baskets a rude fortification: He lighted his pipe and took up his vigil, for he still feared treachery. Evidently someone somehow carried fire, for shortly tiny blazes sprang up in the gathering dusk. After a time a spark advanced up the hill. As it came near Andy saw it was carried by a single unarmed man. The savage laid down the brand and retired. Andy made himself a fire of sorts from the dried brittle brushwood that grew sparsely near where he sat. No other invaded his sanctity of the hill, though he watched all night, but at daylight the whole tribe swarmed up the slope, to squat about and stare. Andy saddled; mounted; turned down the slope toward the south. The people remained where they were, without following. No one made even a gesture of farewell. He rode nearly to the foot of the hill; then bethought him, and turned back. From his saddlebow he untied the paws of the grizzly bear and gave them to the chief. He would not need them now as food; there was a plenty of game. For the second time the man's unwinking animal gravity broke, his spirit rose to the surface of his beady eyes. Again he threw back his head to utter his long howl. And the faces of the bystanders became human. A quarter mile from the foot of the hill Andy turned in his saddle to look back. The Indians were gathered in a compact group on the summit. When they saw him turn they waved their hands in farewell. The whole experience was mystifying. Within the hour Andy had his second encounter in California. This time the men were five, and mounted, so he saw them in the distance and composed himself advantageously to await their approach. This was headlong, until the party was within a little over a hundred yards. Then the leader uttered a sharp command. The horses threw up their heads, stiffened their forelegs, and came to a plunging stop. The leader trotted forward alone. Andy examined him watchfully and with some curiosity. "Your permission to travel in these the lands of the Republic." The officer drew his brows together, pursed his small red mouth. A fleeting grave smile sketched Andy's lips at the little man's fussy excitement. "This is important. This must be seen to. At once. You are under arrest," he stated suddenly. The grave smile reappeared on Andy's lips and stayed there. The muzzle of the long rifle shifted slightly but significantly. The officer dismounted. Andy too swung himself from his saddle. The two men squatted on their heels together. Above them stood the horses. The Mexican's animal was a fine beast. From the corner of his eye Andy surveyed its proportions with admiration. It stood like a statue, its head high, its little ears pricked forward, turning over and over on its tongue the metal rollers of its bit. "The situation is complicated," repeated the lieutenant. To the mountain man, new come from a long sojourn among the warlike tribes of the plains and ranges, from the winter blizzards and summer "dry scrapes" of the wilderness of the "Great American Desert," riding about in this lovely land in pursuit of such simple savages as he had seen looked more like a picnic than a campaign. But he agreed politely. Back of this narrow strip lay the broad valleys and the Sierra, a wild country, visited by no man in his senses except at the call of duty. Here dwelt the wild tribes, the "gentiles." They were lower than cattle, mere beasts. No one disturbed them. But these gentiles would not stay put. Every so often they made raids. Then they must be pursued. And the duty of pursuit fell upon him, Jesus Maria Corbedo de Cortilla. It was a hard life. "Stout hearts! Strong arms!" "Oh, I met some Indians," said Andy carelessly, "but they were not the people you are looking for. They were friendly. I don't think, by the way they acted, they had ever seen a white man before. They had no horses." The young officer brooded darkly for a moment, then turned upon Andy a countenance beaming with friendliness. Andy had listened well, and it was evident that Jesus Maria had talked himself into a liking for so respectful an audience. And he still had an eye on the long rifle lying in apparent carelessness across the young man's lap. "As for this present difficulty," said he, "I should, as I said, escort you to the capitol. But I am on other duty, and Jesus Maria Corbedo de Cortilla never shrinks from duty. I will take your word. You will ride to the Governor. You will report to him. You will say that I have sent you, Thus all will be regular." "I have never had other intention," said Andy simply The Mexican waved his hand gayly and rode on. ANDY too went his way. But not for very long. Within the half mile an uneasiness overtook him. It was a mental&mdash;or rather a psychic&mdash;condition with which past experience had made him familiar. In externals and in most essentials Andy was a direct, matter of fact, rather slow bit of efficiency, but he possessed spiritual perceptions, antennas, which worked mysteriously below his knowledges. Sometimes they helped him, as when they enabled him to smell out hidden dangers; sometimes they disconcerted him&mdash;as when they forced him too clearly to see the other fellow's point of view. But he had learned never to ignore them. So he reined in his horse and sat relaxed in his saddle, his eyes roaming the surrounding prospect for sign of life, his inner ear cocked for a whisper. Then, unquestioning, he turned back on his trail. He did not yet know why, but that was the thing to do. When an hour's travel had returned him to the top of the butte-like hill where he had spent the night, the reason was revealed. From the elevation he could see ahead for a long distance over the plain. About half a mile distant Andy saw Cortilla and his four men gathered in a compact group. The lieutenant was holding out something in his hand and apparently making a speech. In a moment Andy saw why. A dark head appeared above the grass, then another and another, until a dozen were in sight. They were at some little distance from the Mexicans. Cortilla was evidently trying to coax them nearer but was having difficulty in doing so. They seemed shy, and at a sudden movement of one of the horses dove out of sight like scattering quail. But Cortilla persisted. Finally one of the savages, bolder than the rest, perhaps the chief, plucked up courage enough to take the object that Cortilla was offering. He examined it; others drew near to look. Soon the Mexicans were surrounded by a dark crowd of savages; as Andy had been surrounded the day before. Now, Andy reflected, if Cortilla knows their language, he may get some information. But as yet he did not know why he had come back. It was none of his council. But suddenly Cortilla arose in his stirrups. The sun caught a flash of his sword as it leaped from his scabbard The bright pennoned lances of the troopers dipped. The horses plunged, rearing high, striking down viciously. The black mass of the savages held for an instant's astonishment, then broke into flight. The dark figures dove into the grass in all directions. A few stood, apparently paralyzed with fear. Andy saw these pierced through by the soldiers' lances. Then all five men, holding together in a compact group, set their horses at speed through the high grass, ranging like bird dogs, hunting down the fugitives, flushing them from their concealments or overtaking them as they ran. By this time Andy had reached the spot. He had started his horse at a run down the hill the instant the purport of the scene had penetrated his incredulity. He wasted no time, energy, nor speed in trying to attract attention. The spare horse kicked up his heels and raced joyously alongside and ahead. The pack horse, outraged at this invasion of his privilege of laden sobriety, lumbered along behind. Andy whirled toward the astounded troopers. "Rein back!" he commanded sharply. "I'll shoot the man who moves a hand." They stared at the cold fierce fire in his gray eyes and obeyed. The affair was beyond their slow comprehension, but not the menace of the long rifle. Andy dismounted. "Ride back," he repeated, "over there. And sit still." CORTILLA stirred, groaned, finally sat up. He was dazed, but slowly recollection of events came to him. Andy waited; but his eyes blazed with a cold fury that did not abate. "Shut up, you miserable little murderer!" he growled in English as Cortilla started to speak. The naked sword in his hand, he advanced until he stood over the still prostrate man. Cortilla shrank, looked about him wildly. "To me! To me!" he shouted to his soldiers. "Help! Help! This one murders me!" The troopers stirred uneasily, but subsided as Andy turned menacingly in their direction. The tall frontiersman thrust the point of the weapon in the ground, stooped, and lifted the smaller man bodily to his feet, putting into the action a half-restrained strength that rattled Cortilla's teeth in his head. For several seconds Andy stood thus holding him by the collar, deep furrows between his eyes, staring at his squirming and bleating captive, who was now certain his hour was come. Then suddenly he dropped the long rifle, whirled the Mexican about, bent him half double, seized the sword, and with the flat of it proceeded most heartily to spank that worthy, to spank him with the full vigor of the fury that had blazed in his eyes, spanked him until Jesus Maria Corbedo de Cortilla howled like a schoolboy. It was ridiculous; it was magnificent. Then, as suddenly, he hurled him aside, broke the sword in two pieces, flung the pieces at Cortilla. Possibly some such thought occurred to Cortilla also, and sufficed to overcome his immediate fears. He was livid with rage. "You shall hear of this!" he shrieked. "You have insulted Mexico, the Mexican Army! You shall&mdash;" The last remark struck home with the troopers. They rode away slowly. When at a considerable distance Cortilla turned in his saddle to shriek imprecations and threats. Andy threw forward the muzzle of his rifle. One of the soldiers leaned forward to grasp the officer's reins. The horses broke into a shuffling trot. They disappeared through the tall grasses, over the rise. Andy dropped the butt of his long rifle to the ground, crossed his elbows on it in his typical attitude. For some time he stared into the distance; then roused himself with a sigh. Across the deserts, across the ranges he had made his long and toilsome way, escaping the blood and hatred of the gathering storm. He had not escaped. Here too were hatred and bloodshed. All he wanted was to live in peace, in peace to forget his sorrows, to heal his wounds. There was no peace. He looked about him over the far-flung quietude of the falling day. The sea of grasses bent in long parallel rippling waves beneath the wind. Again the lines of waterfowl cut the sky. But above him swung on slow majestic wing the vultures waiting for him to go. Darkness was gathering over the Lovely Land. The bells of San Gabriel, which had been sounding ever louder in his ears, had suddenly been stricken faint and far away. "Well," he addressed himself with a humorous acquiescent quirk of the lips, "you've made a good start, Burnett." He mounted, collected his other two animals; and rode on. But now he headed southeast: toward the great valley and the Sierra. That did not worry him. He knew he could maintain himself indefinitely in the great interior valley and the foothills and mountain parks of the Sierra, without the slightest danger of detection by the Spanish. There were plenty of beaver, he remembered: undoubtedly he could, in the proper season, make up a few packs. He could take them up into Oregon, to the Hudson's Bay post there. Jed Smith had spoken highly of the factor McLaughlin, known as the White Eagle. The fact that that meant near a thousand miles of unknown rough travel through known hostile tribes did not bother him. But Andy was still a mountain man, with the mountain man's strong prejudices and partisanships, He would as soon work for the Hudson's Bay Company as for Astor and the American Fur Company&mdash;just about as soon. Still, sooner or later, he would have to get fresh ammunition and supplies somewhere. An alternative was to return the way he had come. His whole being turned over in revulsion at the thought. That phase of his life was definitely finished, closed by the searing red hand of massacre. Riding thus, moodily, in a fog of apathy that blotted out the healing beauties thronging on every side to his assuagement, he was, when on the fourth day he encountered three horsemen, almost too indifferent to take the obvious precautions. Almost, but not quite. Long habit nudged him. So he rode directly at them, and brought his horse to a stop at an appropriate distance, and looked them over coolly and appraisingly. They were unarmed, except that the leader wore a light slim rapier. Obviously not of the military. That, to Andy, was about the only obvious thing about them. Nothing in their appearance or their equipment, as far as he could see, suggested their business&mdash;if they had any. His contempt, the contempt of the mountain man for "foofaraw"&mdash;unless it might be his own kind of foofaraw&mdash;added to his recently acquired misliking of the race. His figure relaxed in his saddle, though his eye did not lose its wariness, nor did his right hand leave the trigger guard of the long rifle that crossed his saddle before him. No detail escaped the appraisal of his eye, practised in the appraisal of details. And of what he saw he liked nothing. Except the horses. He grudgingly admitted to himself that the horses were fine animals, especially that ridden by the young man with the rapier. It was a spirited-looking beast, a light buckskin in color; but unlike any buckskin Andy had ever seen. The buckskins of the plains had black manes and tails, and a black stripe down the backbone. This one had no such stripe, and its mane and tail, which were long and silky and slightly waved, were of shining silver. Its legs were slender; its hoofs small; its nervously pricking ears fine; its lustrous eyes wide apart; in its distended nostrils the quick blood showed rose. It stepped with a dainty springing touch of the ground, holding its head high, its smooth muscles quivering with a speed eager for release; and yet it moved perfectly in control. Its rider had raised his hand, and it stood, immobile as a statue except for the alert movement forward and back, forward and back, of its ears, and the slow, musical champing of the rollers of its bit. That is as far as his approval ran. The rider was much, oh, much too foofaraw. Though tall and muscular, he was altogether too handsome, with his clear olive complexion, his tiny moustache, his long-lashed black eyes, his too-red lips, and the affected streak of whisker that extended from his temples to end at the corners of his lips. The mocking smiling animation of his face was too animated, too changeable, too frivolous for Andy, accustomed to the self-contained Indian stolidity of the mountain men. But the height of silly foofaraw, as Andy saw it then, was the way the man had rigged himself out. The creature wore a stiff low-crowned hat tied under his chin, with a tasseled band about it of braided gold and silver set with green stones. Under it was tied a bright kerchief to cover his hair, which hung down his back in a short queue, like a woman's or an Indian's. He had a short collarless jacket trimmed with red, so scant its edges did not meet in front, although it sported two crowded rows of gold buttons. The man's shirt was frilled. He had wound about his waist a broad red sash, the ends of which hung down his left side. He had on close-fitting knee breeches the bottoms of which were fringed with gold. He wore bright embroidered garters! His boots were of soft leather and were of two colors, yellow and brown. On his heels two pieces of fringed leather supported his silvered spurs, which were enormous, with rowels two inches or more in diameter, and tiny bells against the rowels, and silver chains hanging under the arch of the foot, that jingled musically with every movement. Andy's nostrils widened with abysmal disdain. The other two were stolid-faced men, slightly older in years. Their equipment was much the same, except that it was less ornamental, less elaborate, more worn than that of their companion. To a bystander, had there been one, the two groups would have presented an interesting contrast: the tall frontiersman in his worn buckskins, his head bound in a simple bandanna handkerchief, his long rifle across his saddle, bestriding one wiry Indian pony, the other two cropping soberly alongside; and the gayly caparisoned Californians. The younger man was the first to flash a gay greeting, which Andy barely acknowledged. He was decidedly off the Latin races. Then the stranger, unabashed, wheeled his horse alongside. "I espeak it well, eh?" acknowledged the young man. "Why not? I am educate in United States. I think," he added with a laugh, "my family he get tired keeping track of me and send me away to get rid of me. Nevare have I been very popular with my family. Sad, eh?" Andy grunted. He offered no encouragement to this volatile stranger. Apparently he did not even glance in his direction. Nevertheless, he saw and registered every movement made, not only by his undesired companion, but also by the other two. Andy felt quite competent to take care of himself with double this number of fancy-plumaged jayhawks, but he did not intend to be caught unaware. "What do you think, Panchito?" said the leader. "Could there be two like him?" "He is undoubtedly the man of whom we have heard, Don Ramón." The Californian glanced at Andy as though to refresh an impression. "He has not to me the air of one so desperate. Though," he added with a curl of the lip, "he is an unmannerly pig, surly as a bear." Ramón reined in his horse so abruptly that the animal threw its head high. His eyes were dark and flashing with anger, but the suavity of his manner did not alter. Andy laughed shortly. His contempt and indifference to the other's opinion were as obvious as the lash of a whip. The young Californian's eyes widened slightly, but it was the man Panchito who snarled in anger. "Shall we take him in, Don Ramón? This is an order to all loyal men&mdash;and a reward." The long rifle seemed of its own accord to leap from Andy's saddlebow to point its muzzle not two feet from the Californian's chest. "I could kill you," he said after a moment. "I'd as soon kill you as any of your cowardly kind. But killing is useless." He slowly dropped the muzzle of his rifle. "I think you'd best ride your way." So unexpectedly and swiftly did these things happen that for a moment Andy was completely confused, but only for a moment. His mind instantly steadied to complete acceptance of the situation. "This is the end of Andy Burnett," he thought. He even found in a corner of his mind space for admiration at the speed and dexterity of the maneuver. The men were a full fifty feet distant; they had snatched the reatas from their saddle horns, had run their loops, had cast them before even the mountain man's customary quick reactions had responded. He found another small space for mortification that he should have been caught thus unaware, and a counter comforting reflection that it was only his complete ignorance of this new type of deadly weapon that had betrayed him. The latter touched his own mount with the spur to edge it daintily close to Andy's own. His face was close, his dancing black eyes searching the depths of Andy's for the effects of his words. Andy stared steadily back at him. "Raise your hand," replied Andy quietly. He wheeled his horse, slapped Andy's mount lightly to put it in motion. Andy was confused and just a little shamed. His pride of a mountain man was still sore at having been so flagrantly caught unaware. He hesitated, then bluntly blurted out the truth. He told of the harmless wild savages he had met in the upper valley, of their mystifying dumb friendliness, of his meeting with Cortilla, the lieutenant, and his four soldiers hunting horse thieves, of Cortilla's unprovoked attack on the savages and the subsequent massacre. The young man listened attentively, without speaking, up to this point. "So you concluded I too am a coward," he commented dryly. "My mind was sore, my heart was on the ground." Andy voiced the quaint phrase of his Indian affiliations in half apology. "I do not understand." Andy was puzzled. "Are not you?" Andy told, diffidently now, of his interposition, of how, single handed, he had stopped the massacre, and finally of how he had spanked Cortilla with his own sword. Ramón listened with interest, with growing amusement. At the farcical denouement he gave vent to his feelings in a great shout of delight. The men's grave faces broke to a sardonic relish. Andy felt the warmth of a complete approval. He did not understand it wholly as yet, but it was grateful to the loneliness of his soul. In spite of himself a liking began to creep into his heart for these strange companions, a liking illogical, against all his sober Anglo-Saxon prejudices, but genuine. He swung the guitar to his hands, dropped his reins, struck sweetly its chords, and in a melodious tenor began to sing some obviously improvised doggerel celebrating in mock heroics this extraordinary feat of arms. His horse, unguided, paced stately as a parade. Andy rode soberly alongside. Under the unbelievable blue of the California sky, with the brown plains about him bordered by mountains that somehow looked as fragile as pasteboard, with wide oaks spaced as though planted, with this bizarre, brilliant retinue in its bright trappings, led by the troubadour with the guitar, he seemed to himself to have entered somehow a realm of unreality, to have been lifted body and soul from the stark harshness of his old life. Softly and mysteriously he experienced the relief of the man who, long submerged, bursts at last above the water's surface to fill his choking lungs with the thin, sweet air of life. Ramón suddenly ceased his song and swung aside the guitar. It came to him at last. Friend: nay, more than, merely friend, one especially trusted, one near to the heart. The three Californians struck spurs to their horses and dashed away at a speed more rapid than Andy's smaller and travel-wearied animals could equal. He arrived on the scene to find the bear already bayed-up, its ruff erect, its eyes blazing and badgered, its great head, with its bared, snarling teeth, swinging to and fro following the movements of the dancing horses that circled slowly about it at the distance of twenty yards or less. The horses were wild with fear, or perhaps merely with excitement, but were held to the task in a control of perfect horsemanship. Each man had the coil of his reata in his left hand, with his reins, and from his right dangled the loop. Andy, riding up, made a motion to dismount for a standing shot. He had no enthusiasm for the affair, but supposed it expected of him, and so prepared to do his best. The bear was a large one and already very angry. Andy had no tree into which to spring while awaiting the effect of a heart shot. The bullet was too likely to glance from the sloping skull. He resolved to try for the difficult, but instantly fatal, eye shot. It did not occur to him for a moment that he was invited only as spectator; that these men intended to capture and to kill this largest and fiercest, of America's wild animals with no other weapons than the slender oiled rawhide reatas. If he had understood that, he would have considered it a harebrained reckless bit of bravado; doomed, if carried through, to possibly a fatal, certainly a disastrous ending. And if anyone had told him, as was the truth, that in protection of the cattle such men as now accompanied him, with no other weapon, made it a regular business to hunt and to kill just such bears as the one now confronting them, he would have dismissed the statement as merely another tall story for greenhorn consumption. "No! no-no-no!" cried Ramón. "Do not get down. You shall see!" He apparently was struck with a new idea, so suddenly that under the impulse of it he brought his horse to a full stand. The bear roared and charged at this stationary target. "Look out!" cried Andy and the others. Ramón danced his horse aside in a quick falcon swoop. The bear was thoroughly aroused. It was overwhelming, the menace of such fury and such power. Its eyes blazed, its jaws slavered, its great body seemed to expand. A terrible expectation charged the atmosphere as of the gathering of resistless force, like the power of a hurricane. Panchito and José leaned forward against their pommels, their brows knit, muttering to one another, shaking their heads. The horses snorted and trembled, held only by the rigid discipline of their riders' firm and accustomed hands. Andy's mount was not so amenable. It plunged and bored at the bit. He had as much as he could do to control it at all. With a curse at his fractious animal Andy leaped from his saddle. He was wrought to a high and unusual pitch of excitement. The thing was absurd, senseless, mad. Andy was too experienced a frontiersman to be carried away by the mere excitement of a situation, to be raised above its calculations and appraisals by the exultations of mere glory. The terrain was rough, and a slip or a stumble would disconcert Ramón's close avoidances. The bear, though wounded, was apparently unchecked and was gathering fury and adroitness as the combat proceeded. Thrice had Ramón saved himself by an apparent miracle. Andy watched his chance until for a split second the bear paused motionless, then delivered his shot with all the speed and iron concentration of his long experience; and also, be it confessed; with a fervent outrush of petition from his heart. It was a good shot; a wonderful shot; and also, Andy realized with deep thankfulness, a lucky shot. The bullet entered the animal's eye, so accurately that afterwards it was found it had not touched the eyelids. The bear rolled over, pierced to the brain. "Well, aren't you?" demanded Andy in his turn, but with an engaging smile. Ramón turned to stare at his henchman, But Panchito refused to be subdued. "I should have won the fight," insisted the young Californian to Andy. "So I perceive," returned Andy dryly, "&mdash;even to your death," he added. Ramón threw back his head and laughed long and joyously. He reverted to English. Indeed, it is henceforth to be understood that both young men used now one language, now the other, as seemed to fit the subject or their mood. "Luck," replied Andy briefly. "That I do not believe. Hah! you shall prove that." He looked about him over the brown side hill. Halfway up to its crest, near a scattered grove of live oaks, the earth had been thrown into a multitude of scattered mounds by a colony of squirrels. Here and there the little animals, driven below ground by the turmoil of the combat, were beginning to emerge. One sat atop its hillock, erect, its paws folded across its chest, shrieking indignantly. "Think you, you can hit me that beast?" inquired Ramón. Andy estimated the distance. In tacit answer Andy produced his other deadly trick. That is to say, he unsheathed his knife and with it made one of the marvelously accurate casts for which, in the mountain country, he had been famous; sinking its point deep in the center of the target of his selection, a lichen mark on one of the live oak trees. And instantly he was ashamed of this braggadocio, this display of foofaraw. It was exactly like a small boy showing off, Andy thought. So when all three of the Californians expressed a genuine wonder and admiration at the feat his manner became in reaction gruff and repellent. Nevertheless, deep down within him was a lifting satisfaction that refused to be abashed, a lightness of irresponsibility that he had never experienced. You see boyhood had been denied him, and in this warm and friendly atmosphere it was coming naturally into a belated burgeoning. THEY rode on again. Whether from fatigue or reaction, Don Ramón's ebullient spirits had dropped. For some time he said nothing; nor did it occur to Andy's mountain taciturnity to break silence. Finally Ramón aroused himself with a laugh. "We ride like friars telling our beads!" said he. He turned to Andy with engaging frankness. "Do you know, Don Largo," he said, conferring on Andy his nickname, "I will tell you truth. I am sulk like a child, because why? Because you have show me what you can do and I cannot do these things. And I have not show you what I can do. Is not that a foolish?" "I think you've shown me considerable," Andy assured him sincerely. "Ah, that!" Ramón shrugged sadly, "but you say yourself that is harebrain." He laughed at himself, but it was evident that his mood was genuine, for small boys strange to one another must show off. It is a necessity to making acquaintance; and obviously, for the moment at least, these two had somehow slipped back to the magic of that age. Andy had showed off last; now it was Ramón's turn, and there was nothing to show off on. As yet the two, though they had divined a natural affinity, knew practically nothing of each other's circumstances. Outward details had not yet assumed enough importance to have become the subject of curiosity. That would come when the fundamentals had been properly finished off. For some time now the plain of the great valley had been gradually dropping away to the left. The broken country encompassed them. They were traveling along a winding dry watercourse from which arose to right and left low hills, soft and round like the flanks of brown beasts. On their slopes, scattered widely, grazed a sprinkling of cattle. They were wild-looking creatures, with long horns and staring eyes, and the nearest of them ran like deer at sight of the horsemen. José and Panchito looked them over with professional attention, commenting to one another low toned. Ramón's eye lighted and he began to hum under his breath. At this point the hill on one side had drawn too near the watercourse and had, in consequence, been sheared away by flood and wind until it stood over them as a cliff, or rather as a slide of loose deep shale but little off the perpendicular. On its top stood a lordly bull looking down at them, secure in his scorn of inaccessibility. "Hah!" said Ramón. "Stop here, and you shall see some esport." "What are you going to do now?" demanded Andy uneasily. He was beginning to distrust that word. What next? Was Ramón going to tackle also this beast with his sword? But Ramón negatived that idea by unfastening the weapon, which, with the guitar, he thrust into Andy's hands. After a moment Ramón spoke to his mount. The horse stepped forward. Ramón flipped the slackened loop free. The bull staggered to its feet and dashed away, thoroughly chastened. Ramón trotted back to his companions, gathering in the coils. His handsome face was alight. "You like?" he asked. Andy expressed his enthusiasm. Ramón glowed with satisfaction. Everybody was happy. The small boys were quits at showing off. They could now get acquainted. THIS they proceeded to do. Ramón reminded Andy of the necessity. "Andrew Burnett," supplied Andy. "Andr-rew Burnett." The Californian savored this. "Don Andres. But still I think you are Don Largo&mdash;the tall one. Me, I am Ramón Rivera, to serve you. I have still other names, but they do not matter. And now, Don Largo, you must tell me where you ride." Andy shook his head. "I do not know, Don Ramón," he confessed; "I had thought to go to San Gabriel&mdash;to the mission." He hesitated, unable in a momentary return of his old controlled taciturnity&mdash;immediately to bestow entire confidence. Then he met Ramón's eyes fixed on his. "I wanted to rest," he said finally. At the tone of the young man's voice Andy's eyes filled with tears. Instantly he brushed them away angrily, with an up rush of contempt at himself. Was he a woman or a child? "I had intended," he said in a hard and matter-of-fact voice, "to live here. But now&mdash;" "I know that. So I go to the Sierra. After that, I do not know." "It is of little worth. I think my family keeps it for two reasons, both of them excellent, however. The one is that others are afraid to keep it, and the Riveras have always had a foolish idea to do what others fear. That is one reason." "And the other?" asked Andy, to end the pause. Ramón threw back his head and laughed. "The other? Why, I think the other is that they wish a place of a certain remoteness to which to banish their dear son, Ramón Julian Antonio de Quadra y Rivera, when from him, as at present, they withhold entire confidence. And now," he added, "you have heard all my names." He glanced mischievously at Andy. "I will tell you my story," he offered. "You are curious: that I see!" Andy, embarrassed, muttered a disclaimer. "This new governor is name Victoria. He is a soldier, and he gives orders. The California people do not like orders. He gives high offices to Mexicans and small offices to Californians. He puts young silly ones, like Cortilla, in command, and makes old Californians, whose beards have grown gray, to serve under them. He sends some people he does not like to San Blas. Me, I think perhaps most of them better at San Blas. A lot of people do not like him. Hear them talk, you think him an ogre with two tails. José Carillo, Juan Bandini, Pio Pico. They make a war against him down south. They think they put back the old governor, Echeandia." "Is Echeandia a Californian?" asked Andy. "No; that is the joke. He is Mexican, too. But he has been here a long while. And he is tall, and thin, and cold all the time, and thinks all the time how he is sick." Ramón laughed joyously. "He live near a fire, and he give very few orders, and everybody do what he like. So they have a battle near Cahuenga, and José Avila kill Ronaldo Pachecho, and Victoria is hurt bad with lances, and when he get well he go back to Mexico, and everybody go home, and now they send us a new governor, Figueroa." "But you&mdash;" "Oh, yes, me. Well, you see, I go with Victoria in his army, and my family and all the Californians are on the other side, and that makes me not so dear with my family, so they send me here." He chuckled. "I ver' bad boy." "But I don't understand," persisted Andy, pardoñably confused. "Why did you join Victoria? I thought you said he was a Mexican and&mdash;" "Well," said Ramón, "all these others with Echeandia are south, long ways away, and Victoria, he's up north and near by. Too far to go to join these others. So I go with Victoria. He's lots of fun, these war." Andy's jaw dropped. This was too much for him. "But," he stammered at last, then gave up the main question, "but how would you feel if you'd killed some of your own people or friends?" "Oh, I kill nobody," disclaimed Ramón airily, "and nobody want to kill me. For why? What difference who is governor? Juan Bandini and Carillo and some of those men very fierce and angry, surely; and the Mexicans. All right. Let them kill each other if they want. But not we others. No-no-no!" Andy reined in his horse. "Well, what, in the name of common sense, did you do? Run away?" he cried, startled into rudeness. But Ramón was not affronted. He relapsed into Spanish, the better to express himself. "Well, I'll be damned!" Andy could not quite gather his wits after these disclosures. Ramón sobered. "Then," asked Andy sensibly, "why mix up in it at all, and get sent out here, as you say, away from it all?" "So am I," returned Andy sincerely. THE ranch house, which they reached near sunset, proved to be a long adobe structure roofed with tules. It stood bare on a low hill. Not a spear of anything green lived within a hundred yards of it. The roof had been extended the length of one side to form a sort of veranda with an earth floor. From a smaller detached structure smoke was rising. Beyond that stood a circular corral of greasewood bound with rawhide thongs. That was the whole visible equipment of the place. From a distance it seemed to be surrounded by a wide ring of white. As they rode nearer Andy saw that this ring was composed of bones, the bones of cattle slaughtered for the ranch's use. A swarm of dogs bounded forth in greeting. Ramón and Andy dismounted at the veranda. Following the example of his host Andy stripped his saddle and pack and bestowed them on pegs beneath the roof. Panchito and José drove away the horses. Ramón came to with a start. Each helped himself on one of the earthen plates, took one of the horn or wooden spoons, unsheathed his knife from the scabbard in his garter. They ate standing, without removing their hats; but Ramón motioned Andy to the other chair, so the two of them sat at table. Still he had no conversation, and as Andy dwelt easily in silence the room was quiet except for an occasional muttered remark of one of the men to another. And as, after the meal was finished and the Indian women had carried out the dishes, Ramón seemed still lost in his thoughts, the men tiptoed out. So for an hour, while Andy smoked placidly. Then abruptly Ramón stirred. Ramón laughed. He leaned forward, searching Andy's face with the urging of a real desire. Andy's heart warmed. His mind passed lightly by the young Californian's depreciations. Hardships meant nothing to him; indeed, this simple house seemed to his wilderness-trained mind abundantly luxurious, adequate to every desire. He nodded, unable to speak. Even Ramón's quick intuitions were as yet unable to fathom the strength of his emotions so long pent beneath an iron and stoic repression, nor his shamefaced Anglo-Saxon reluctance to allow them to rise to the surface. Ramón had no such inhibitions. "Hoop-la!" he cried delightedly. He snatched the guitar from its hanging place on one of the room's low beams. His fingers swept its strings. The low round hills slept beneath it like gentle beasts. Across their flanks ran the interlaced cattle and game trails. In some of the bottomlands between them grew a few scattered cottonwoods or sycamores, small patches of sage or greasewood or willows. Here lived the blacktailed deer and the crested quail. Here were the rare water pools where the underground streams peered momentarily above the surface. To these pools the trails converged. Some of the larger of them were bordered with tules. On them swam to and fro, in quick jerks, placid and confidential gray mud hens with white bills. Occasionally a duck or so, strayed from the valley, leaped quacking and demoralized by surprise. In the bordering tules were rustlings and the harsh crakeing of the reed peoples. Blackbirds with scarlet trimmings swung from their swaying tips whistling like flutes. It was pleasant to ride slowly through this country looking at these things. The horses moved steadily and tirelessly at a fast, shuffling walk that covered the ground almost as rapidly as a slow canter. Their heads were up, their ears pricked back and forth, they revolved ceaselessly with their tongues the wide rollers on the spade of their bits. Between his thighs Andy could feel the eager, restrained quiver of the muscles awaiting the lift of his bridle hand, the touch of his heel. The days were like that, spacious, simple, alike. They passed swiftly. Andy, to his vague wonder, seemed to himself always to be going to bed, or getting up, and another day gone. Yet they were crowded with happenings, great or small, so that from sunrise to sunset they spread wide as the blue distances of the valley upon which sometimes he looked from the last of the hills. It was a strange double consciousness of time. Then, almost before he knew it, came rains drifting in graceful long veils rent by the wind; and when they cleared, by magic, overnight, the hills were faintly green. Here and there blazed the deep rich orange of single poppies, like little suns. The green strengthened almost as he looked. For a brief season it was vivid, unbelievable; then darkened and strengthened; and the cattle ceased licking up the burrs of the clover and began eagerly to crop the new feed. The poppies lay in blankets across the slopes. The paler yellow of wild mustard sketched and accented the folds of the hills. Other birds began to believe the meadowlarks' denial of seasons; the air was sweet with perfume, melodious with song. LIFE, like time, was dual in nature; simple in its broad aspect, yet filled with incident and even adventure. Its sole task, the single reason for its conduct, was to permit the cattle to feed and breed and increase. Yet in the furtherance of that task were comprised many skills and knowledges to which Andy was a complete stranger. In spite of his long wilderness training he discovered himself to be in these things as ignorant as a child. And like a child he plunged eagerly and zestfully into the new experience. It was exactly what he needed. With a new friend and new things to learn, life, so suddenly and so tragically emptied, began again to fill. He was once more happy and satisfied. He missed nothing. Panchito dismounted to adjust the length of the stirrup leathers. He handed Andy a pair of big roweled spurs. But these would not cling to the young man's moccasined feet. "I can get on without them," said Andy. But Ramón shook his head. "Wait," said he. "You and I, luckily, are of a size," he remarked. They were ready to start. Andy took in hand the long rifle and prepared to mount. He disengaged the piece from Andy's grasp and took it indoors. Andy was reluctant, uneasy. For ten long years he had ridden with the Boone gun beneath his hand. He felt somehow naked, exposed to the world. Ramón slapped his own mount with his open hand, and as it darted forward at full speed, sprang lightly to his saddle. Andy was nearly unseated by the unexpectedness of his own animal's leap. He was a good enough practical horseman, and could even, at need, cling to the side of his horse, Indian fashion, and shoot from beneath its neck; but he had not the rhythm and certainty of these superb horsemen. Their bodies gracefully and easily erect, the tips of their toes just touching the stirrups directly beneath them, they seemed to be swooping through the air in a long glide unaffected by the motion of the plunging beasts beneath them. At full speed they swept for a few hundred yards, then brought up suddenly with three stiff-legged buck jumps that scattered the loose earth in a fan before them and again all but shook the unsuspecting Andy from his saddle. "Where are we going?" asked Andy at last. "Oh, yes, I forget," Ramón apologized. "You remember, when we ride in yesterday, we see a few cattle?" "Where you roped the bull?" "Where are you driving these others to better feed?" Andy turned in his saddle to look. He saw at once that a horn of each had been bored to permit the insertion of a short stout crosspiece of hardwood. He learned that this was used as a sort of portable mooring post for other beasts. Andy joined with exhilaration in this wild chase. He had run buffalo on the plains and had done his share of rough-riding in the course of his regular business as a mountain man. The first hundred yards inspired him with complete confidence in the animal be bestrode. He held even in the race; he kept his saddle. He was even able on one or two occasions to be of some slight assistance in turning the fleeing cattle. After a half dozen or more had been thus pursued, roped, dragged in, and tied, the men changed horses. Then they took breathing space, squatting on their heels, rolling cigarettes of powdered tobacco and corn husks, lighting them with a flint and steel against a long string of cotton tinder wound for protection with a strip of cotton cloth. Ramón clapped Andy on the back. Andy was pleased. He discovered in himself an unprecedented desire for good opinion. He wanted next to try his hand with the reata at his saddlebow. He had, of course, learned to throw an incidental and modestly skillful loop in the handling of his mountain horses. But this Ramón would not have, and became very grave and earnest about it. He told of the things that could happen, the horse and rider dragged by superior weight and strength, a hand smashed between the rope and the saddle, or a leg cut through by a wrong angle of strain. "I don't ride like you, Ramón," said Andy, with a faint envy. "Oh, me!" Ramón shrugged the compliment aside. "That too I begin young. When I'm two or three year old. What you think I ride first?" "A pony? a burro?" hazarded Andy. "There is always tomorrow." Ramón shrugged aside Andy's conscientious observation that the day was passing. He had become very earnest in his exposition of the reata, And successfully so. Andy began to see it not only as an implement of industry but as a serviceably deadly short-range weapon. Ramón explained its fighting uses, and the defenses against it, as when one wards off its threatening loop with lance or sword held horizontal. "As you could have done with that long rifle of yours, had you known," said he. At length, after an hour, they went on about the business. "It is a pity that Panchito must leave the reata behind when he dies," said Ramón. "If he could take it he would undoubtedly be able to haul himself out of hell, where he is surely going, and into heaven, where he does not belong." "Woman's hair," growled Panchito scornfully. "It has not the strength." "Strong enough to hold you, Panchito," mocked Ramón. "Ask Vicenta, eh?" This was over Andy's head; but he thought it well to change the subject. "Don Ramón knows," said Panchito unexpectedly. "He keeps a good supply of hair for his rope." "What mean you by that?" The young man turned on him. Behind his impassive face flickered a faint relish. Andy perceived that he felt he had scored in return for Ramón's reference to the mysterious Vicenta. But he did fool with the guitar at odd times. At first he was very clumsy, and he lacked confidence. Ramón laughed but encouraged him. Andy laughed. "I'm that bad, eh?" But he enjoyed his efforts for all that. And shortly in another direction he discovered his audience. Andy had never before had an audience. Simply he had done things, and let it go at that. But now he found himself in demand as a story-teller. At first he talked of his adventures only in reply to direct questions, and then briefly and almost shamefacedly. But genuine interest stimulated him. He thawed. He told them of the land the other side of the Sierra; of the trapping, and the Indians, and the long hunts. That country and that life were more remote from these men than is now to us any part of the earth's surface. They hung upon his words, uttering deep-toned ejaculations of wonder. Andy did not brag, did not play up the heroic. He tried merely to give them an idea; and the very sincerity of that endeavor built them a picture. They began to sense him as a heroic figure come among them from the mists of another state of being, so remote as to partake almost of the mythical. Perhaps this appreciation was not ungrateful to the boy concealed beneath the frontiersman's grave exterior, a welcome counterbalance to his sense of present unproficiencies. Especially was Ramón fascinated with the sign language. He exclaimed delightedly over the significance of the graceful gestures, and their appositeness. His quick intelligence caught the exact illustrative quality of each, a quality that not only pictured the idea to be conveyed, but made so easy the remembering of it. He found it immensely amusing to carry on long conversations with his friend through that medium. "Now we can talk and no one understand!" he cried delightedly. An expansion was slowly unfolding Andy. The old hard, wary tightness that had relaxed only in his few intimate relations was loosening its grip on his heart. He was becoming a different man. His very manner was losing something of its severe level gravity, borrowing from his new companions a faint trace of liveliness, of irrelevancy. This unfoldment was warmed further by the deep underlying consciousness of something to which for ten years he had been almost a stranger, the sense of security. He had not appreciated how integral a part of himself had become his constant wariness against ever present danger. Now the Boone gun rested on pegs in the wall. "Should that be done, the mares would abhor them," explained Ramón quaintly. The rider's only other unusual protection was a strong bar lashed crosswise on the saddle. This was to prevent the horse from rolling; for once the rider was in the saddle he stayed there, even when, whether through design or accident, the horse threw himself. The cattle must be protected as well as handled, he learned. Part of that protection was prosaic in character, as when, after the rains, it was necessary to ride vigilantly the whole range, searching animals bogged to the bellies in the softened adobe. These were dragged out bodily by a loop over the horns. Sometimes one was so deeply mired that it required two ropes and two tugging, straining horses to extricate it. It seemed as though the neck of the bawling creature must be pulled in two. And like as not, as soon as it had reached firm ground, it charged its rescuers. The horses dodged it nimbly; their riders regained their loops by a deft twist of the wrist and rode away laughing at the indignant snorting animal staring about it wildly for what it could destroy. In spite of their vigilance it sometimes happened that the men came upon mired beasts too late, evidently too far gone to survive. These they abandoned. Andy shot them with a flintlock pistol he had unearthed at the ranch house and which he had appropriated for that purpose. Apparently this merciful expedient would never have occurred to his companions. In spite of Ramón's prediction, they were not, that season, subjected to raids by the horse-stealing Indians. Nevertheless, often they swung wide into the valley, riding fast and far, from sunrise to dark, with no other purpose than to look for signs of marauders. Toward spring they were called upon to deal with a new menace. From the wilder mountains to the south the bears began to venture out into the open country. They frequented mostly the thick cover of brushy and wooded draws, but occasionally one or more would be encountered trundling about in the open country. These were considered dangerous to the stock and must be killed. It was primarily a matter of business; only secondarily of sport, though all concerned enjoyed the pursuit hugely. But, then, these people made of anything a sport. Andy wanted to take the long rifle from its peg, but Ramón disapproved. "It is dangerous to fight the bear with the gun," he said in all seriousness. Andy took his escape coolly. A miss to him was as good as the width of the continent, and to a danger passed he never awarded the briefest thought. Except to make a mental note not to be caught so again. But Ramón was excited and therefore a little exasperated. He pointed out in no uncertain terms the folly of showing one's self afoot to range cattle; of separating one's self from one's horse; of the idiocy of bothering with deer when good beef was so plentiful. Andy took his scolding philosophically. He agreed with all Ramón had to say, now that he had learned about it. "The deer is not worth eating, anyhow," concluded Ramón. Andy did not agree to this, but it was not worth while to dispute. "He is worth wearing," he returned equably, "and I must make me some buckskins soon if I am not to go naked." Ramón struck his forehead in his dramatic way. Andy nodded. He had no desire to go through the laborious process of making buckskin if he could get anything else. "I must learn that trick," said he. "What trick is that?" "Up-ending them by the tail that way. That was neat." "I should think he might," agreed Andy. ONE morning toward the latter end of March Andy snatched his horse to a stand. At the moment he and Panchito were just topping the crest of a hill. From the valley below, their ears were assailed by a medley of shrill wailing shrieks, piercing, diabolical, like nothing Andy had ever before heard from throat of man or beast. "What the devil!" he cried. "Something is being attacked!" Panchito laughed. They rode straight down the slope at the headlong pace Andy had found to be the normal gait of the country when one wanted to get anywhere. In the bottomland they soon discovered the cause of all the hullabaloo. Three ox carts strung out a quarter mile or so apart. They met the first. It was made of heavy timbers lashed together with rawhide. Its wheels were merely cross sections of huge trees, in the centers of which holes had been bored for the wooden axles. These probably had fitted fairly well when new; but wear had enlarged them to a diameter of as much as a foot. Thence had arisen, and was still arising, the weird shrieking that had so puzzled Andy. This was the first detail Andy noticed. It seemed to him awkward and senseless, and very painful to the poor beasts. He said so to Panchito as they rode forward. Panchito merely shrugged. "But," insisted Andy, "they could pull so much more load with their shoulders and would be a lot more comfortable." The second was empty, and after the same formal greeting, also continued its journey. But at sight of the third Panchito uttered a loud ejaculation of surprise and perhaps of dismay. It had been made into a crude sort of precursor of the covered wagon by means of a cotton sun shelter stretched across perpendicular stakes. On various boxes and bundles sat upright, as though enthroned, a woman. She was rather a fat woman, but with pleasing, comfortable, humorous good looks of her own, and with intelligent snapping black eyes that were really beautiful. These surveyed the obviously crestfallen Panchito in mocking amusement that became tempered with a veiled surreptitious curiosity as they stole toward Panchito's companion. "You are glad to see me, eh?" Her voice was soft and musical. "And-r-r-ew," she repeated. "That is not so easy for my tongue. I think I like better Don Andres. You are a friend of Don Ramón. Yes: that I think most likely." She laughed, but without malice. "It seems to me I have heard of you, señor. I think most people have heard of you. And you are here. But that is droll." "That is not your business, woman!" cried Panchito roughly. "At least we shall eat," said Panchito, his gloom lightening somewhat. "The woman can cook. But I must stop her tongue." Ramón himself, when he arrived, shared this amusement, but appeared to be more surprised. He too visited the kitchen. He returned enlightened but thoughtful and immediately drew Andy aside. Andy agreed it was true devotion, but could not quite see its necessity. Why not a simple message by one of the ox drivers? Ramón tried to explain. "But my papá, he could not tell me to come back!" he said. "Why not?" Andy wanted to know. But Andy's simple and direct mind did not see entirely. It still seemed rather roundabout. Why did not Ramón's mother send her message through one of the Indian drivers, then? "No, no-no!" repeated Ramón in horror. "Did I not tell you this is not man's business? And these Indians&mdash;they are servants. This is family matter not to be done by servant." "Well, Vicenta&mdash;isn't she a servant?" asked Andy reasonably. "But she is a woman," Ramón pointed out with a slight impatience. "She could send a letter just as well, couldn't she?" demanded Andy, roused to persistence by Ramón's tone. At this point Andy gave it up. He agreed that it was very devoted of the so-fat Vicenta to undertake the Journey. "You must be very glad, Ramón," said he. It was very sad to Andy also. They talked it over, but there was no way out of the situation. Ramón must obey what amounted to a command, even though so indirectly conveyed. Andy must remain. Ramón was delighted. He furnished out Andy completely, from top to toe, even to such unessential details as a rosette on the chin band that confined his hat. As the final touch he called in Vicenta from the kitchen to braid a proper queue, augmented a bit by horsehair, for Andy's own was not quite long enough. Even to this he submitted with a certain relish, for his secret spirit liked dress-up games; and also with a faint nostalgic sadness, for it brought back to him the memory of the time when Kiasax and Nit-o-ke-man had rigged him out in the full regalia of the Blackfoot warrior and had taken him forth to visit the chiefs. "Not me; not if I'm going to use it," Andy grinned. "I'll wear another in the garter, for looks, if you insist. But I want my own where I can get at it." Andy agreed cheerfully to start the whisker, without the faintest pause of wonder at how astonishing, in him, this agreement was, nor how impossible it would have been a few short months ago. But he confessed the matter of the eyes was beyond him. So that made it reasonably complete. Ramón snatched the guitar from its beam. "A dance!" he cried. Andy, to his pleasure, found himself of real use. At first he contented himself with a job as a herdsman; but after a time he insisted on trying the cutting-out. It was a fascinating alternation of slow patient judgment and fast hard riding. He had to keep his mind on it or he would have been unseated. At times his horse turned so suddenly that his stirrup brushed the ground. Andy took his turn at anything and enjoyed it to the full. Especially was it pleasant to him in the hours after midnight when the stars hung remote in a mantle of quiet, withdrawn and aloof above the man-induced restlessness stirring in the crouching velvet black of earth. The air was cool on his cheek, and the clean odor of the cattle sweet in his nostrils. At this time the beasts became somewhat quieter. Many of them lay down. He rode slowly around and around the dim guessed mass of their forms, singing, swinging his loop slowly back and forth from his right hand. At first he sang because Ramón had told him that the cattle were soothed by the sound of the human voice; then because something demanding floated from his heart to his lips, something that must arise, like a mist of the night, to the quietness of the stars. He hardly knew what he sang; that did not matter&mdash;snatches of half-remembered plaintive old-fashioned melodies from his boyhood, and before his inner eye rose and dissolved unformed pictures, an old woman in a rocking chair by an open window, brown earth turned beneath a plow, and red-winged blackbirds fluting; minor savage half-voiced cadences, and a fleeting vision of painted Blackfoot lodges against a sunset; the quicker beat of trapper's ballad, and a strange confusion of the red light of camp fires and sprawling figures at ease and the feel of crisp air from mountain peaks. And in these was no bitterness, no regret; he knew no pain of past nor foreboding of future. He poised gratefully in the all-sufficiency of the present moment. It filled him. He rode at peace, with upheld cup. As many cattle as could be thus cared for were killed each day. The remainder were corralled for the night. They had drunk at the stream, but had been given no opportunity to graze. "It does not matter," Ramón answered Andy's expostulation. "They are soon to die anyway." It was that puzzling blind spot again. There was already plenty to be had for the mere sending. The Californians were, on the whole, rather fond of agriculture; but what to do with more? There was no market. And Mexico, through its governors, tried by every means to discourage foreign trade. They clapped prohibition duties on all imports; they imposed the most harassing regulations as to harbors and inspections. If Mexico had its way, apparently, the Californians were to be deprived of every luxury, every necessity, even, that could not be produced at home, on the spot&mdash;or supplied at scandalous prices and in inadequate quantity and quality from Mexico. That was the nub of the situation. That was the underlying basis of the hostility, the resentment of the Californian against the Mexican. Were it not for a few informal local modifications, conditions would be impossible. Andy learned these things from Ramón as they rode together. Ramón's foreign education had given him the advantage of a perspective, an outside point of view. He was able, when he chose, to discuss such matters intelligently. But he refused to take them seriously as, he explained, did some of his countrymen. He went on to explain. Andy discovered, as other Americans have been discovering ever since, that laws mean little if they run counter to a people's feeling of justice. It was a fact that under these laws the luxuries of living were impossible. Nevertheless, there they were. Their presence was strictly illegal, of course, but it was brought about very simply. A certain amount of plain smuggling accomplished something: so smuggling had become an esteemed occupation. But that was risky, and resorted to only by the more adventurous, rather through love of excitement than from necessity. Certain tacitly accepted customs were simpler, The shipmasters carried only a portion of their cargoes readily accessible for inspection, the rest being concealed in "secret" places in the vessels. Or a portion of the cargo was transferred, at one of the outlying islands, to ships that had already made their entries and received their papers. Fictitious invoices were a matter of course, and as no oath was demanded, even the most puritanical Boston skipper did not hesitate to offer them. But occasionally some simple-minded unimaginative martinet&mdash;like Victoria&mdash;came along, who took things literally. Then there was trouble. Otherwise Ramón could not see why there was the slightest occasion for trouble. Things went along all right. Naturally the government had to have some money to meet its expenses. Naturally the officials wanted to make something for themselves out of their offices. There were no taxes whatever, and nothing from Mexico. The missions were there to contribute, surely; but even the fattest cow gives only so much milk. Andy was no great stickler for legality; but he had breathed in with his boyhood the Anglo-Saxon passion for regulated form. He was a little doubtful and even a trifle shocked at all this. "You should talk to my cousin, Guadalupe," said Ramón carelessly. "He reads books, and he get very excite over what he call the rights of man. Why make the fuss?" Andy did not really know. He was not even coherent enough to be able to tell Ramón the real reason for their difference; that he was of the race that makes a fuss about intangibles, and Ramón was not. "Which saints forbid, and which I do not think," hoped the most talkative. "I am a shrewd one: I have my idea." "He seeks news," said the Mexican. "Truly?" said Panchito. "And news of what?" The Mexican did not answer at once. He arose, walked, humming under his breath, to the veranda's edge, peered upward at the stars, picked his way across the half recumbent forms to reseat himself deliberately at Andy's side. Andy's muscles tightened. "Largo," she called, "Don Ramón summons Largo." "Stand here, Largo," insisted Ramón impatiently. To hesitate longer would be worse than obedience. Andy faced the two men. The Mexican glanced at him idly and with complete indifference. "Largo," said Ramón, "our guests depart in the morning. You will see that they have fresh horses, of the best. Understand?" "That is all." Ramón dismissed him. Andy turned to the door toward the kitchens, his eyes fixed keenly on his friend. The latter nodded approval. "Wait there," he signed swiftly in hand talk. Andy went out. Leaning against the wall, he smoked, staring out into the velvet night. He did not trouble himself with idle speculation. What would come must come. He merely held himself in readiness. After an hour Ramón joined him. The Californian was laughing softly. He hooked an arm through Andy's elbow and drew him away to some distance. "Now there is a dumb-head, if you will," said he. "He looked straight at you and did not know you. That I wished to see." "Was that why you had me in?" asked Andy. "But surely. It is better to know. Then we cut our cloth." "What if he had known me?" "I think perhaps I'd better go away," said Andy. "It is simpler." But Andy was not educated to that point as yet. He refused firmly to lend himself to this exquisite jest. Furthermore, he insisted on going at once to the corral and seeing for himself that the arrangements described by Ramón were in order. He felt much better when again the Boone gun was in his grasp. Ramón was frankly disappointed. But Andy was obstinate. "Besides," he added, "I think one of his men recognized me." "How was that?" asked Ramón, instantly serious. He listened attentively to Andy's account of what had happened. "I do not think so," said he, "but in the morning we shall know." Reluctantly he agreed that perhaps it might be well for Andy to pass the night apart in the clear. But in the morning the American must be at hand when the party rode off. Ramón was insistent on this point. Andy at last had to yield, though he was disgruntled, and took no pains to conceal the fact. The performance seemed to him inane, idiotic, of a piece with Ramón's ordinarily engaging harebrained recklessness. And to subserve no earthly good purpose. It speaks much for the quality of affection with which the Californian had filled his lonely heart that he finally agreed. Not that he lacked confidence in his own escape, if escape proved necessary, as he had no doubt it would. But Andy had an ordered mind: he disliked useless hazards. He tried in vain to dig out of Ramón his "idea," but Ramón chose to be aggravatingly mysterious. "That you shall see!" he cried. He was in higher feather over Andy's reluctant consent, clapped his friend on the back, departed chuckling. "But we have made acquaintance." The Mexican eyed him. Andy stared back stoutly. "Yet I knew nothing, nothing," continued the trooper after a moment's pause. "I have said nothing. Why? Because you have made in me a friend. Why? Because you have so well chastised that one, and I have been there to see and rejoice. Why have I rejoiced? Because that one is a pig." "Blessed be pigs," said Andy in English. "These things I desire that you know." "Pedro!" bellowed Cortilla, turning in his saddle. "Cow of the world! What do you with that man? Join your rank!" It was like slapping an eager child in the face to point out that the thing would not work. Nor was Ramón easily persuaded. Andy had to be almost brutal about it. "I wish it could be," he said seriously, "but it is not sense. Just because Cortilla did not look squarely at me is no reason I'd escape recognition long," he pointed out. "Consider a moment how many people would see me, would hear me talk. They would be pretty dumb not to suspect. One of the soldiers knew me. Yes, I told you he did. He told me so, but that he had said nothing because he hated Cortilla. But he is sure to tell someone, his best friend, or someone he drinks with, that I am going about dressed in California fashion. And even at your home, a chance visitor, a traveler, one of your Indians, anybody who is not a blind fool could see that I am not what I seem, and once the news is afoot..." Ramón had to yield at last to plain common sense. He did so reluctantly, petulantly, with the resentment of a thwarted child. "Why, I expect so," Andy laughed, "but I can't go forever riding at full speed up and down California, like the Flying Dutchman." "Where?" Andy wanted, reasonably enough, to know. "We go to see Viador." "Viador?" "But what good will it do to see him or anybody else?" Andy's common sense persisted. "What could he do about it?" Panchito rode up, driving a dozen loose horses before him. "Come!" said Ramón. "We go!" However, Andy was not to be rushed completely off his feet. He would go. What could it matter? At least it would postpone the inevitable for a day or two. Andy's vision of himself was very clear. After this beautiful interlude, back to his old life he must go, the only life he knew and to which he was fitted. Therefore, in spite of Ramón's impatience, he rode to the live oak tree and reclaimed the long rifle and the bundle of his necessities from their hiding place. Ramón was in despair. "Always you get in trouble with that thing," he grumbled, "always, always!" He washed his hands of the affair. He refused to make suggestions. He sulked. Panchito came to the rescue. For the first time Andy saw him genuinely out of temper. That fitted in well enough with the somber bitterness of his own mood. "Santa Clara," said he. The sun still lacked an hour to setting. Andy caught no more than a glimpse of the carriage's occupant, a fat white-haired man in priest's robe, with a benign and undisturbed countenance. Obviously he had no spiritual connection whatever with all this row and crash and headlong imminent disaster. He might have been riding in a shallop drawn by swans. At sight of Ramón and his companions he raised the two fingers of benediction and was gone in a swirl and cloud of dust. Andy turned round eyes of astonishment toward his friend. "That is Father Viador," said Ramón. "The man we have come to see?" "Exactly." "Humph!" Andy grunted. Then a reluctant grin overspread his face. "Obviously a very holy man," said he. "That is true. But why say you that?" "Well," said Andy dryly, in Spanish, "if he were not very holy indeed, I do not think the saints would indulge him with the miracle of riding in that thing safely." Panchito grinned in appreciation, and Ramón shouted. Ramón, with a thrust of his fist, cocked his hat jauntily askew and, still chuckling, led the way through the mission gates. "Always that brings trouble," grumbled Ramón. They entered one of the rooms together. It was clean, bare, tiled, furnished most simply with bed, chair, and table. On the wall hung a crucifix and a framed colored print of Santa Clara. The only openings, the door and a window barred with iron, were toward the court. An Indian woman brought a ewer of baked red clay filled with water, and a basin of metal. Another set upon the table a plate with two oranges and a flask of wine. To Andy this was almost oriental magnificence; for the only oranges he had seen in all his life were during his expedition with Jedediah Smith. Ramón was pleased at his surprise; boasted a little the more to impress his friend. He informed Andy that he could, if he wished&mdash;and if there were no Cortilla, he interpolated&mdash;ride from one end of California to the other and be received at the close of each day's easy travel at one of the missions where he would receive similar entertainment, without cost or price, for himself and his horses. Indeed, at some of the more generous or more opulent establishments, if his animals were over-weary, fresh ones would be supplied at his departure. Or he could stay as long as he wished. Not only were Travelers' Rooms, like these, kept for the purpose, but the fruit came from the Travelers' Orchard, planted especially for wayfarers. From it, a little later, Ramón said, they would have had a great variety&mdash;figs, grapes, pomegranates, peaches, pears&mdash;but this was not the season. A bell began to ring. "Come," said Ramón, "it is the vesper. We must attend." "Wait," he whispered. "Here you shall see esport." Then he guided the black mule stealthily across the court-yard toward the unconscious gamblers. When within a few yards he visibly gathered himself for action and suddenly charged down upon them with a roar. Then, as the priest neared the doorway, his great body straightened to a solemn dignity; he threw back his head. A spirit seemed to descend upon him. Andy, shocked to a faint surprise, instinctively bowed his head. THE interior of the church was narrow, high, and dark. Most of the illumination came from the altar candles, though from a few high windows a little of paler daylight filtered down through the gloom. There were no chairs or benches. Men knelt on one side, women on the other, with a narrow aisle between, up and down which prowled ceaselessly the majordomo, watching behavior. When Andy's eyes became accustomed, he made out crude paintings on the walls, of saints and sinners in hell and in heaven. Father Viador conducted the services with a transforming dignity, even with a certain majesty. In the pure faith of his office he stood transformed. Andy&mdash;or indeed any other of those present&mdash;made nothing of the Latin; but no one, even the dumbest savage of a new-caught gentile, but was perceptive of, and to a certain extent uplifted by, the sheer piety and sincerity of the man. Of the burly, bullying, reckless, swashbuckling master of the black mule remained no trace. Nor was this effect in the slightest marred by his vigilant supervision of the church music. This was supplied by several violins and guitars and two flutes. They were played by Indians, very painstakingly and in the main correctly. Andy, of course, could have no conception of what a triumph in training the raw savage this represented. Andy's first amusement was sobered. To his own inner surprise he found himself sinking&mdash;or rising&mdash;to the level of these simple people about him. A faith crept into his heart, not of these rites strange to him, not of any mystic meaning of what he was seeing and hearing; but quite simply of the man. In spite of the utter futility and the very real risk, he was glad now he had made the journey. This was irrational, but it was so. Andy was not accustomed to irrationalities. His life had taught him to face practical difficulties in a practical manner, to depend for his salvation on his own quick brain and his own keen eyes and his own strong right arm; to trust no man's judgment above his own. A few leaders he had followed had proved themselves to him as such by the deeds of their days. Until that proof he had moved warily and alone. And even to those leaders his independence bowed only in the expedience of the moment: he still held himself proudly as the equal to any. That independence was the very fiber of his being. But here was a man, a fat man, in the despised robes of a priest, with whom he had exchanged no word as yet, whose only observed activities up to now had been to conduct a black mule rather badly, whom Andy found himself unquestioningly ready to acknowledge. Andy shook himself angrily; turned his head to stare at the depiction above him of the sinners bathed to the waist in the flames of hell. The crudity of the daub stirred his sense of humor. The spell was broken. On the flat stone platform before the door the two young men paused. The walled square was darkening, and the figures of the people pouring across it from the church became wraithlike, as though they were of one substance with the dusk. Over the wall were the tops of willow trees against the sky, and through a single gap in their planting he saw the tops of eastern mountains, soft rose color under the last caress of the sun. They were very beautiful; but at sight of them Andy fell somber again. They brought back to him too vividly his old solitary life&mdash;the traps in their sacks, the buckskin on his back, the long rifle across his saddlebow. Adventurous loneliness&mdash;he suddenly hated it, with a strength of bitterness that surprised him. Ramón turned aside to speak to an old Indian. And, unheralded, out of the acuteness of his loneliness stole the shadow of something familiar...It had happened to him before...The clear crest of the Rockies under the moon...He must hold very quiet, very still... Gentle power, that was it, the feel of it...like his grandmother... He had obeyed it unquestioningly before. He had lived out his life of the mountain man, had shared great deeds and from them escaped unscathed. And in the end the vision of destiny had blurred and broken like a spent wave in what seemed tragic futility. So he had wandered on, uninspired, led only by an instinct for escape and rest, emptied, the tide at ebb. And here was that power again, lifting him mysteriously to a perception of greater destiny to which his own was linked. There was no vision, no clairvoyance of detail or circumstance. Gently he was lifted on a mighty wave. New power, new anticipation, new eager courage flooded his soul. And absolute certainty. Here he belonged; and here he was to stay, to the fulfillment of further destiny prepared. Gently the wave set him down again. Once more he stood on the flat stone platform before the little church. The whole experience had passed between two strokes of the sonorous bell over his head. ANDY understood from Ramón that, so far from having any influence, the missions were at outs with the civil powers. The latter were busily passing new laws and exhuming old ones designed to appropriate the mission lands, cattle, fields, and crops. They did not call it that; they called it secularization; and they rationalized so well that a great many disinterested people thought it the proper thing to do. Ramón, whose foreign education had made him clear sighted beyond the provincialism of his countrymen, talked a little of it to Andy as the two sat on the coping of the fountain, after vespers, awaiting the call to the evening meal. "What do you think, Ramón?" asked Andy. The young Californian laughed. "Me? I think that the missions have many cattle and many leagues of land, and that they are rich from trading and from the making of things, and that in those riches is a magic that can make an elephant of a flea." He would express no further opinion; but he made it sufficiently clear that from the Church, in the present state of affairs, nothing could be hoped in the way of political influence. Rather the contrary. It was, Andy reflected, rather late in the day to tell him these things. "Welcome, my son," said the friar to Ramón, "welcome as always." He uttered a formal benediction in Latin, to which Ramón listened with bowed head, stooped to kiss the young man lightly on both cheeks. His manner was stately, exquisite with a high ceremonial of courtesy. Then abruptly he dropped into one of the chairs, loosened the cord about his waist, reached for the wine flask from which he filled the three glasses. The formality fell from him. He turned upon the two young men a quizzically humorous countenance. "There is no mischief, Father," replied Ramón seriously. "No mischief? That I cannot believe. When otherwise did Ramón ever turn to the Church?" Father Viador turned and examined Andy. All at once Andy recognized that up to now the priest had carefully refrained from looking in his direction, and realized that this pointed avoidance was actually a subtle courtesy until Ramón should choose to explain his presence. Ramón uttered a short ejaculation of disappointment, Father Viador's eyes twinkled. "You do too little justice to my wits, my son," said he. "The appearance is well enough; it will pass&mdash;for those who have not thought that two and two make four. And who have not so often heard the confession of Ramón Rivera." He threw back his head in a great roar of jolly laughter at the young man's puzzled expression. He held up one hand and touched its forefinger with the forefinger of the other. "Then you were only guessing?" "Was it not a good guess?" countered Father Viador shrewdly. "But be comforted. I think there are not too many who can add two and two." For the first time he addressed Andy directly. "I will hear your confession, my son, and you may go in peace." "Are you not of the Faith?" he demanded. Both men looked toward him expectant. Andy was confused at this swift deflection. He felt stupid. "The Faith?" he again repeated the priest's words. Then he understood. "I am afraid I am not a Catholic," he confessed, "if that is what you mean." The great form of Father Viador straightened in his chair. His whole being underwent one of those swift and astonishing changes that seemed to make of him a different being. "A heretic!" he cried. "You laugh!" he cried, "and your friend standing at this moment in the danger of hell's fires!" Father Viador checked, eyed him uneasily. "Not amiss?" he repeated uncertainly. "What talk is that?" Father Viador's face flushed. He choked, tried to check himself, then abruptly he uttered his great shout of jolly laughter. "You are the incorrigible one!" he cried. He shook his great head at Ramón. "For this you shall come to me tomorrow and I shall impose on you the penitence. See you do not forget." "And you, my son," the priest sobered again, "we shall talk of these things further." "Willingly, Father," said Andy. "And now," Father Viador repossessed himself of the half-emptied wineglass, "we shall drink&mdash;to the salvation of your soul." "And incidentally of his body," supplemented Ramón. "There shall be more penitence if you persist in impertinence, my son!" warned Father Viador. By another of the about-face changes that so abruptly transformed the man, he was again the genial, somewhat worldly host. No trace remained of the religious zealot. Even his face seemed to have altered, its lines to have rearranged themselves in some subtle manner. He listened in silence to Ramón's exposition of Andy's dilemma. "Why do you come to me?" he asked, when the story was done. "You are no fool, Ramón; you know that, so far from being in a position to ask favors, the missions are put to it to defend their own. Indeed, I think you well know that it is sufficient for the mission to make a request to cause the opposite to be done." "Doubtless, if the Lord willed. But some things He has deemed wise to place beyond the reach of the holiest of prayers, possibly to prevent some busybody praying himself out of merited punishment. One of these things is a Mexican official. Take care that you are not added to the number, my son." "To speak truly, we are at our wit's end," confessed Ramón, "and we have come for your advice as to what we can do." Father Viador made no immediate reply, frowning intently under his heavy brows. When he spoke, it was abruptly, with authority. "That I shall tell in due time." Yet another personality seemed to inform the priest's bulky body. The two young men faced their schoolmaster. He fronted them uncompromisingly. They had come for advice: there it was. Take it or leave it. Nor would he explain; and thus he remained until, reluctantly, a little doubtfully, they decided to do as he said. Then he became again the genial host, refilled the wineglasses, sprawled comfortably in his chair. For an hour he conversed brilliantly with Ramón, while Andy sat by, fascinated. He had never before come in contact with an exchange of pure ideas for their own sake. This facet of Father Viador's mind opened broadly to a wide angle of comprehension and of tolerance. He considered the world and all its works from a shrewd and temporal point of view shot with a cynical humor that had nothing in common with the narrow high blaze of fanaticism of his former mood. It was abundantly evident that the many aspects of Father Viador's bewilderingly varied nature were in watertight compartments, so to speak; that his mind obeyed literally the Scriptural injunction, that its right hand knew not its left. Andy knew little of the high politics or the fine-spun theories of thought or of conduct with which the conversation dealt. He felt himself profoundly ignorant; humble minded. This was a new and unsuspected Ramón. But it stimulated him. In the seclusion of their chamber, however, Ramón proved devoid of enthusiasm as to the outlook. He shook his head. "It may be as you say," he acknowledged, "but I do not entirely rely on that one." Andy was astonished at this change of front. "Surely you do not suspect&mdash;" He finished his preparations and rolled between the rough blankets on the bed. RAMÓN reiterated his plea when, the following morning, he and Panchito resumed their journey. "Me, if I was you, I'd be save today," said he. As for Father Viador, the friar appeared neither to seek nor avoid him. Certainly Ramón must be wrong: he did not again touch upon the question of religion. The nearest he came to it was in the loan to Andy of some of the books from his shelves. These were religious in character, but Father Viador did not emphasize that point. Indeed, it might be imagined that he half apologized for it by remarking that the reading of them might pass the time and would be excellent to improve Andy's Spanish, "even though they do not interest you much." But, on the other hand, it did not appear that he was giving any practical thought to the temporal problem either. However, for the moment Andy was satisfied enough. The life of the mission interested him; he was thankful for this opportunity of ease, comfort, and above all security, a breathing space before stepping again to the trail of his destiny. After so many years of the wild life, complete inaction for a period was not ungrateful. He walked here and there, his hands idle, but his mind busy in the acceptances and appraisals of what he saw; and, unknown to himself, the priest watched him. For Andy's spiritual chemistry was astir in flux. This California, from his very first day within its borders, had been remoulding him. He was already a different person from I-tam-a-pi, the Blackfoot Man. Certain elements of the land's genius had seeped into the taut fibers of his being; and, working from within, as components of his life's stream, were beginning to transform him to new manifestations. It was something a little more than a mere expansion or unfoldment from the compactness of the perilous and the solitary. The essence of his spirit was changing, taking on the color of his environment. In contrast to the brutish savagery of the native tribes Andy had encountered in the interior, the Indians attached to the mission seemed to have been made a different race of beings. The wild peoples were little better than beasts with, apparently, only a groping intelligence flickering in a dumb haze of brutishness. These were stupid enough, dumb enough, but in them stirred something, it might have been bewilderment, but it was life. They did things, efficiently and with purpose. They led an ordered and productive existence. They wore clothes and ate regularly. They were in no fear of enemies. Some few of them, such as the musicians of the church, and the finer artisans of the shops, had even made the long step into a civilization of a sort. Andy, watching, could not enough admire the patience and understanding of those who undertook to teach the few. It was indeed admirable when it is considered that not one of the musicians had ever heard music until they were called upon to play together; that musical instruments were strange to them; that they must be taught to read music to whom written or printed pages were wholly unfamiliar. Still, Andy noticed, though those selected ones seemed apt enough in learning both the arts and handicrafts, they did so only under the lash of constant urging. Left to themselves they did nothing. This was all to the good, but Andy was an observer. His keen eyes noticed other things. For instance, no effort whatever was made to teach anything to the rank and file, only to the few that were required for the mission's own necessities. In spite of the variety and abundance of production, the Indians shared little of it. They received, he learned, a blanket each year, a pair of the blue trousers, one shirt; women the material for a dress and a petticoat. Andy returned with them. He had stayed up all night; why, he could not precisely have expressed. There was no variety in the performance; and, after the first ten minutes, no interest. He was held by his own puzzled subconscious gropings for appraisal, for understanding. He had known only the free, wild, clean-cut, proud savages of the plains and mountains, and from his life among them he had built a certain concept of the Indians, as such, into which, unconsciously, he had been fitting his impressions. But these people did not belong in that concept; and so his impressions must be shifted. He looked curiously on the docile stolid workers plodding to the fields; and for the first time he was able, though dimly, to see them, not with the eyes of the Blackfoot Man, but with the eyes of the priest. For all that day he could not rid himself of the strange illusion that these were not men and women but half-tamed wild animals, like the cattle on the hills. The point of view did not long persist in its full purity, but its influence endured. Father Viador roared with laughter, slapping his great thighs. And forgave them! On the other hand, Andy saw what seemed to him inconceivably cruel punishments inflicted; men held in the stocks for long periods under the blazing sun and the chilly dews of night, without food or water; men dragging heavy weights by chains about the ankles, and the flesh raw and bleeding; men whipped across the abdomen, fifty lashes well laid on, without mercy. One woman who had lost her baby and whose grief was pitiable was compelled to carry always in her arms a block of wood and must continue to carry it for as long as she would have nursed the child. To this Andy ventured a protest. "My son," said Father Viador, "this must be, for through neglect she permitted her child to die without the Holy Sacrament." It was in the Travelers' Orchard, to which Andy often repaired when he wished to be alone. Of late this had been often. Why, he did not know. He did not think of anything in particular. His consciousness hung in a moody brown study, apparently over nothing, as when one is in a state of comfortable digestion; as indeed was Andy's case, though not of the mission's good fare. He paced slowly to and fro, back and forth between two trees of the orchard. At the end of each ten paces of his short journey he plucked from the tree trunk, where it was embedded, the heavy frontiersman's knife and, turning, hurled it toward the other tree. The long blade flashed in an invariable and lovely arc of accuracy to thud quivering almost exactly into the scar of the previous casts. It was a pretty sight, the lithe strong body poised in balance, the wide graceful swing of the arm, the flight of glittering steel. Nevertheless, the act was purely mechanical. Andy was scarcely aware of what he was doing. The priest's voice startled him to consciousness of his surroundings as though from a trance. "That is beautifully done, my son," said Father Viador, "and I do not doubt my olives will bear the better for a little bleeding." Andy was dismayed, conscience stricken. "Oh, I am sorry!" he cried. "I did not realize what I was doing. It was habit&mdash;I hope there is no damage!" He examined the broken bark solicitously. "Now why was that?" he cried in apparent chagrin. "Why, Father, you held it wrongly in your hand, and then too, you must cast not with your arm only, but with the whole body; as though&mdash;as though&mdash;" Andy cast about for an example. "Look you, Father, have you seen the children sometimes, in play, cast a green apple from the end of a willow switch?" "Seen them? I have even done it myself, and no later than yesterday, though this you must not whisper, for the dignity of the Church." "Well, it is like that, and your body is the switch that bends back and forth from the very heels to give the power and the smoothness to the cast." Andy retrieved the weapon, arranged it properly in the old man's hand. But the second attempt was little better than the first. "A twelve-foot knife?" repeated Father Viador. "Now, what mean you by that?" "Why, merely that it will turn once over in twelve feet when thrown with a full cast. So that if you would have it enter point first at six feet you must make a half cast, and if it is farther or nearer you must judge the distance and the power to put forth. That you must learn by practise." "But I perceive I shall not master this art this afternoon," said Father Viador, "besides which I fear I am much too fat to assume the role of a willow switch." He disposed himself, grunting somewhat, on the sun-warmed sweet grasses with his broad back against the olive tree. "Sit, my son. It is very pleasant," he invited. "Let us talk. This pretty trick must have lost you many hours. Is it of use to you?" Andy nodded assent to the first observation. "It has served me," he said briefly to the second. "How is that, my son?" asked the priest. "Come, you must humor the old man. The sun is warm, the air is soft. You shall tell me." "And again?" Father Viador pressed for more. "No, never mind that: now you must tell me of these you call your friends," he amended. "Tell me of them. What do you call them? The Blackfeet? What kind of people are they? Are they like our Indians?" "No, no, Father, not at all like." Andy was aroused. "They are much better. Why, they are real&mdash;like you and me!" His tongue was loosened by his eagerness that his adopted people should receive the justice of appreciation. Guided by the priest's shrewd questions he talked for an hour. "But that is wonderful!" sighed the priest at last. "That is like Homer! You know Homer? No? I read him in my youth." Then he added hastily, "He was a pagan and is not for a good Christian to read. But he told of such things." He crossed himself in some confusion; dismissing the heathen singer of tales. "That is a wild hard life you have led, my son. Why," he asked curiously, "did you leave it to come to this quiet land?" "My friends were murdered. I killed a man," said Andy. "That is bad," said the priest gravely, "but&mdash;" "I have killed men, of course," broke in Andy. "How else could I live? I never thought of it one way or another. But this one&mdash;it was not in battle: I gave him no chance. I did not want to give him a chance. And when I had killed him I scalped him, like any savage. I had never done that before." "Why did you do that, my son?" asked the priest. His voice was gentle. "He had murdered Joe Crane, my friend. He had done it treacherously. He was Joe's enemy, and he picked a fight with him. A man I knew saw him empty the priming pan of Joe's rifle. Joe did not know it, but he was helpless. This man shot him down in cold blood, safely. I followed him and caught him unaware and empty handed, and shot him as he stood, and scalped him. And when I had ridden back I found that my people&mdash;and Kiasax my friend&mdash;had been massacred by the trappers; and they had come in peaceably to trade. And I found Nit-o-ke-man, the wife of my Blackfoot brother, standing by his dead body; and before I could prevent it a Crow Indian dashed her brains out. Why should such things be?" he demanded fiercely. Father Viador was silent. "You asked me why I came to this land," concluded Andy, more gently, after a moment. "Did you kill also this other man, this Crow Indian?" asked the priest. "No," said Andy. "Why not?" "I do not know," said the mountain man wearily. "Of what use more killing? It was done." "Ah!" said Father Viador. He pondered. "Do you repent killing this other man, this one who murdered your friend?" Andy threw back his head. "No!" he cried. They sat for some moments in the humming silence of the sun-warmed bees. "'Vengeance is mine,' saith the Lord. That is what the Scriptures tell us, my son. Vengeance is not ours but His. But His ways are wonderful and past the finding out of our poor groping. Who knows but for His vengeance he used you as His own right arm." Andy looked up quickly. "You mean?" The priest arose to his feet, straightened his great body, raised the two fingers of his right hand. After an instant's hesitation Andy bowed his head. BY A common impulse they began slowly to pace back and forth. "Have you found what you sought in our land?" asked Father Viador. "I understand, my son." Father Viador's breath checked for a moment, but he controlled the eagerness from his voice. "How was that, my son?" "Why, I do not know how to tell you; But it was a feeling of belonging&mdash;like belonging to a family, I should think. I never had a family, only my grandmother, and she is long since dead. Of course, there were Joe and Jim, and there was Kiasax. They were the same as brothers, I suppose, and anyone of us would have died for the other, but it was not quite the same. I told you I could not tell you!" cried Andy, baffled. The priest's eyes shone. The priest paused; but resumed instantly he perceived that Andy was on the point of reply. His every nerve was sensitive to the occasion he had so skillfully evoked. Undoubtedly he perceived that, however impelling was his purpose, and however necessary was the young man's emotional urge, it must take its place now as the underlying, hidden, deciding factor; and that the Anglo-Saxon, the mountain man, must be permitted his cooler surface rationalizations beneath which to conceal his actual response. His whole being was quivering with eagerness, but with an eagerness in leash. He forced himself to speak as of one reasoning of simple and comfortable things. "If you are to live in California and here find happiness, my son," said he, "you must become as the Californians. There is no other way. As a stranger you will be apart and alone. Not otherwise will my people trust you and take you to their hearts. Already you have put on our garments. And deep within you have changed a little from your old self. Is not that so, my son? Answer truly!" Andy thought of Ramón; He nodded. Even the priest's keen acumen could not guess the unexpected direction this appeal now took. Perhaps it was an instinct that led him to touch upon what had been, in the homely community of Andy's boyhood, a commonplace of custom, and so partly transferred the situation from the uneasy ground of pure religious emotion to a familiar parallel. For in the tiny Pennsylvania community a new-come family, as a matter of course, had always first of all joined the local church. And Andy's wild life had washed from his being all the small distinctions, leaving in his soul's background only the great simplicities of a reverence in which he abided but which he never examined&mdash;God, the Sun, the Above People, ordered mystery beneath which he moved in trust but to which he did not raise his eyes. He had long since lost any sense of creed loyalty. Though the practical side could not, in his fundamental sincerity, be the deciding factor, it was a bit of solid earth beneath his feet. Father Viador closed his eyes, and from his heart rose a brief formless prayer for forgiveness of what he was going to do. Then boldly he plunged. "You are a true Catholic, my son," he stated, "in those things that truly make the Faith. You have acknowledged our Lord, and have in spirit entered into the holy mystic communion. And this very day you have knelt before me and have confessed yourself and from me have received absolution. At the very threshold of the door you stand. Come with me." He seized Andy's arm and led him out through the wicket gate of the Travelers' Orchard, across the busy courtyard, into the cool dimness of the church, deserted now, where burned only the feeble flicker of the altar candles. "Kneel, son!" he commanded. He was panting heavily, as though he had run a race. He dipped his fingers in the holy font, and toward the faintly smiling painted figure of the Virgin cast imploring eyes. "In Thy name," he muttered: then threw back his head and proceeded with the ceremony of baptism. "Rise, my son," he said gently, "and in the bosom of the Family may you find that for which you seek. And now leave me, for I must make my peace." ALONE in the church Father Viador fell upon his knees. He raised his eyes toward the faintly smiling Virgin. "Mother of God, intercede!" he murmured. A groan burst from his great body. He bent in the consciousness of guilt that thus, not through the broad prescribed portals of instruction and preparation, but through the small doubtful wicket of expediency he had led this soul before the Throne. And yet the agony in which he knelt sprang not from concern for himself, but lest because of these bold irregularities the soul be denied and his effort have been in vain. Long he knelt, and the pale daylight faded, and the altar candles flared high in the breathless air, and the smiling madonna looked down on him, making no sign. Then slowly his heart swelled within him, and from mystic sources came certitude and with it a sweet enveloping warmth. The painted image still smiled down at him its fixed smile, but to Father Viador's streaming eyes it seemed that the wooden face had softened and the light from the candles had invested it with a swimming golden haze. He bowed his head. "For this, Thy grace, be praised," he whispered. He arose to his feet and addressed himself solemnly. His deep-toned voice rang strangely through the empty church. He crossed himself and strode masterfully down the echoing church to the open door. Outside it the bell ringers awaited his command for vespers. "Ring, my children!" cried the priest. "Ring strongly this evening, for in heaven the blessed saints rejoice." "You are welcome to stay if you wish it, my son," said Father Viador, "but your place is not within mission walls but in the world of men and action. There you must take your place and make your way." He was blandly unimpressed by Andy's dismayed expostulation that really nothing had been done to alter the hostile situation outside the said walls. Father Viador thought differently. He had done his full part in leading Andy to the shelter of the Church and the protection of the saints. Now it was their turn. To do him justice, Father Viador firmly believed they would take over. "Put your trust in the Lord and go forth boldly, my son," said he. "Have faith, and a way will surely be opened to you." "I am to trust in the Lord and the blessed saints," said Andy dryly. "And besides?" "Nothing besides." Ramón looked blank. "But surely&mdash;" "Exactly that," said Andy. "He seemed to think that once he had joined me to the Church he had done the job." Ramón turned to him a shining face, crossing himself devoutly. "Ah, blessed Mary be praised!" he cried with a sudden and genuine depth of feeling that surprised Andy and made him just a little ashamed of his momentary protective cynicism. "Then all is well!" "Nevertheless," Andy persisted, "I'd like to know what is to be done." ALL that day thus they rode, almost without check, save for a change of horses every three or four leagues. Toward mid afternoon they surmounted the crest of a low range of grassy mountains to look abroad over a wide flat valley. Across the way were other and loftier mountains, dark blue with forest and with distance. Far to the right hand, half discovered, half guessed, hazed by bright mists, sparkled the sea. To the left hand the valley ran like a broad river gradually rising, until, unguessed miles away, it had blended smoothly into the encircling hills softened to vagueness by the shimmer of rising heat. The floor of the valley itself was stilled by the maplike immobility of the elevation on which they stood; variegated in soft changing colors of ripening grass. A slender thread of meandering darker green of trees and bushes marked the course of a river. Tiny dots that moved might have been cattle or game animals. Across the way, beyond the river, on a low elevation close under the wall of mountains glimmered a wide group of low white buildings, the red of whose roofs caught the sun in a splash of color. Ramón swept the flat of his hand to include, apparently, the whole of the visible landscape. They sat for several minutes, eased in their saddles, elbow on pommel, while the horses were breathed after their sharp climb. The air was soft and sun warmed, but from the west came a little breeze that carried a faint far coolness of the sea. Though obviously they followed a traveled highway, the descent was accomplished within the hour. The trail was precipitous. When the Californian set out to go anywhere, he went; with a minimum regard for grades. The horses slid and buck jumped. The riders leaned far back, yielding gracefully to each plunge. Regaining the flat lands, they left the trail and again scampered on at top speed over the open plain. "There is a hard ford, but it is a league above," Ramón explained to Andy. "But we shall see." "Come on!" cried Ramón, "and hold his head up by the bit, and use your spur! If he stops, you shall be very wet!" The final crossing proved to be much easier than Andy had anticipated, thanks to the trampling hard of the ford. Still, his beautiful Californian costume was splashed and muddy. But Ramón laughed. "But you shall see it again," he mocked, "and my papá and my mamá call it very bad you come arm&mdash;how you call it?&mdash;to the teeth when you pay your respect." Andy glanced down at his splashed garments; but Ramón assured him he was supposed to present himself instantly, just as he was. They entered the door into a hall that extended through the building. Other doors opened to right and left. Ramón thrust open one of these. The two young men walked down the length of the room. Ramón stepped lightly forward, bowed his head before the man, raised the woman's hand to his lips. Andy bent his body from the hips and straightened to find himself the object of a veiled but keen scrutiny. Although an appreciable time elapsed before Don Silvestre acknowledged the introduction, the pause conveyed no faintest tinge of discourtesy or embarrassment; rather it seemed the deliberation natural to a high and rhythmic ceremonial. For several seconds Don Silvestre's haughty eyes surveyed the bold and resolute countenance of the young frontiersman waiting respectfully before him. Then they softened in approval. He presented his wife as Ramón had presented himself. She extended her hand with a faint but pleasant smile. "You kiss the hand, you do not shake him," warned Ramón rapidly in English, at Andy's movement. Andy managed, somewhat awkwardly, it is true, but in time, to alter his first intention. He murmured a few words of appreciation and escaped without disgrace, following Ramón the terrible length of the room, and imitating his friend's bow as they at last reached the door. But he could not repress a sigh of relief when once more they had gained to the hallway. Ramón laughed merrily. "You are escare!" he accused. "But there is no need. It is only Papá and Mamá. Tomorrow you shall see. I think they like you ver' much." He led the way out the farther door and down one side of the patio into which it opened, to a wing of the house where, in another room, only a little smaller than the first, was a long table set out for a meal with silver and china and glass. Here too were the simplicity of dark and polished wood, and more portraits, and white candles of sperm. They encountered no one; but somehow Andy felt himself the object of scrutiny by hidden eyes, and once he thought he caught the echo of whispering and of faint smothered laughter, though the windows were dark and there was no sound but the tinkling of a fountain. He felt awkward, constrained, ill at ease, for he was not accustomed to this sort of thing. Suddenly Ramón seemed withdrawn from him. A gap had opened between them. "Call Panchito," said Ramón to her. "You hear, Panchito?" he cried. "You understand?" "Doggone it!" cried Andy. "I won't know how to act!" "Act? Act?" repeated the Californian. "What you mean, act?" "I'm scared," blurted Andy. "Escare?" repeated Ramón again. "Why escare? They nice peoples." He pondered. "Oh, you mean Cortilla! My papá fix him some way. Tomorrow we ask him. You shall see!" Andy gave it up. But his panic was genuine. For a fleeting instant he even contemplated flight. Ramón stretched lazily and arose. "Come, we will sleep," said he; "we have made the long ride." He led the way to still another room in the other wing. Ramón puttered about here and there examining the arrangements. Andy stood rigid in the middle of the floor casting his eyes warily about him. There were plenty of things whose use he could not guess, and plenty of others, he told himself, he would not try to meddle with. But on the table near the head of the bed was one object that must have been misplaced and forgotten; a half-open leathern bag full of gold coins. "Oh, that," said Ramón carelessly. "No, I do not think you need him. This is the traveler's room, you see. These is for the traveler if he need him." "Well, I'll be damned," muttered Andy under his breath. When Ramón had at last departed, he removed his garments and gingerly inserted himself beneath the gorgeous coverlet. He did not know enough to fold it and lay it aside. He was mildly uncomfortable beneath its weight. His mind was uneasy. Nevertheless, at last the low tinkling murmur of the waters in the patio lulled him. FOR the first time since running away from the Pennsylvania farm, Andy the next morning overslept; For the first time since crossing the Missouri River he must have relaxed all, even subconscious vigilance, for he found that someone had entered the room undetected. His splashed and muddy garments had been taken away, and in their place his elaborate holiday suit had been laid out. As he unclosed his eyes a servant was entering the room bearing a tray of chocolate and biscuits. Andy, much ashamed of himself, dressed hurriedly. He threw open the door looking into the patio and brought up short on the threshold. Then he hastily withdrew out of sight. The open part of the patio itself was a jumble of loveliness. Around the lily-padded fountain in the center were giant ferns, roses, carnations, sweet peas, great orange lilies brought from Mexico; and climbing jasmine on the supporting pillars, and the decorative awkwardness of cactus against the white walls. Yucca and Spanish bayonet bristled vigilant as sentinels. Birds hopped busily; butterflies fluttered; intent bees droned from bloom to bloom. Through the resonant dappled brilliance of sunlight and foliage and flower was a toddle of kittens and puppies and small children. Under the veranda-like extension of the roof were many women. Some of them were weaving at small portable looms; some were bent over sewing and embroidery; some were tending or nursing babies; some, great bowls between their outspread knees, were preparing foods of various sorts for the fire. A hum of soft voices and gentle laughter blended with the drone of the bees, the twittering of the birds, and the golden flood of the sun in a comfortable mixture of sound and warmth. Andy did not know what to do. There was no way out of his room except through the patio. The women were all dressed alike, simply, in loose white waists and colored skirts. Their sleek heads were bare, the hair cut square across the forehead, gathered in nets, but with a lock hanging on either side down the cheek. Some of the younger were very pretty. All, old and young, were pleasant with the content of entire good-humor. Some of the elders were fat; and some of the oldest were incredibly seamed with a crisscross of wrinkles; but even the most ancient had preserved still the attraction of beautiful veiled eyes, of glossy abundant hair, and of flashing white teeth. They bent over their tasks, or walked here and there about their affairs; and the movements of their hands and arms, the poise of their sleek heads, the carriage of their bodies had the suspended fluttering grace and a little of the apparent inconsequence of the butterflies in the garden. Her small face was gravely ceremonial, and from beneath her lashes she surveyed the tall stranger with solemn curiosity. So evident and so avid was this emotion that Andy's risibilities were tickled. The child's eyes widened. "So you are Ramón's little sister," said Andy. "And what is your name?" "Faquita, señor." "Why, that is a pretty name. Mine is Andres." She continued to stare at him wide eyed. "Why do you look at me so?" asked Andy. Andy grinned. "And what did, they tell you I would be like?" he asked. "Come, we're going to be friends, aren't we?" She looked up at him sideways for a long searching moment, scanning his face. Then her own broke in a slow sweet smile. "Then if we are friends you must tell me what I ask," said Andy with mock severity, "or I shall be very angry. You would not have me angry, would you? I eat little girls when I am angry." "Like a bear, eh?" Andy laughed. "And I am not like a bear?" She laughed with him joyously. "It was Carmel who told me that," she added. "Who is Carmel?" "Very," agreed Andy. "Then why do you tell me, Faquita?" She stared at him in slow perplexity. "Did you not say we are to be friends?" she asked gravely. "Of course!" Andy was touched. He reflected a moment, his mouth setting in grim and obstinate lines. "Come," he said, "we must not longer keep your mother waiting." Doña Engracia waved aside Andy's apologies, drew in her skirt, inviting him to sit at her side. "But when one is tired one sleeps until one is rested again," said she. "Soon Don Sylvestre and my sons will return. They have gone to make the ride, as always. Now you must talk to me while waiting." He seated himself next her and looked about him boldly. Doña Engracia offered no introductions, but continued to speak in her slow placid manner. "You like the California? "Very much." "That is well. But we are a quiet people. To one like yourself who has traveled in so strange places, our life may seem dull." "You are overmodest," Doña Engracia insisted. Doña Engracia shook her head, smiling. "Ramón has told me. The bear that was about to overcome him, and he with only his rapier." Andy's jaw dropped. Andy was touched. His bold eyes softened, and turned&mdash;to encounter those of the girl glancing sidewise under her lashes. They hardened. Her lashes fell. "No. Don Andres, what is that?" Doña Engracia did not at once reply. She glanced at him speculatively. He was looking not at her, but at the girl bent over the embroidery frame. She smiled secretly to herself. "Nevertheless, I have seen just this thing," she answered at last, "and perhaps you too shall see it." Carmel raised her eyes. Her lips sketched a faint mocking smile. Her eyes fell, but not before they had flashed a glance at Faquita. Andy felt the child's fingers stiffen within his own. He was dismayed. He had not intended thus to betray her confidence. All at once the blaze of his reaction to challenge died. He discovered himself, without defence, alone in a patio full of women. Fortunately at this instant Ramón's gay voice sounded in the hallway, and a moment later the young man entered the courtyard. He glanced mischievously at his older sister. Carmel made a face at her brother, covertly, which, nevertheless, Andy saw. On a sudden inspiration he drew the child before his knees. He surveyed his friend, his head on one side. He laughed again contagiously. Doña Engracia smiled her slow, indulgent smile. Andy's stern face lightened with amusement at this description of himself. Succeeding the young man's departure a dead silence of several minutes was broken at last by Vicenta's fat chuckle. "What are you cackling about?" demanded Carmel sharply. "A dog that starts many hares catches none," quoted Vicenta cryptically. But Benito spoke from the high comfortable plane of calm tolerance. Finally Ramón indicated that the visit was at an end, but Benito insisted that they must first visit his house. Ramón hesitated and turned to Andy. "No," Ramón told him, "not for the noon meal." He called, and instantly appeared a woman, also handsome, also comfortably fat, with the sleek hair, the romantic eyes, and the white teeth of her race. She was barefoot and wore only a coarse linen waist and a short skirt of dark serge. But she greeted Ramón by name and smiled at the stranger with no constraint or embarrassment, and brought wine and little cakes until the meal should be prepared, and stood by so graciously at ease that the primitive crudity, for which neither she nor Benito offered apology, sank to complete unimportance. After a moment she bowed her sleek head and disappeared. The children stared with great solemn eyes. Benito surveyed them complacently. In answer to Andy's question he affirmed them as his. "That is to say, five of them are born of us two," he amended. "The others also the good saints have sent to us from God." As Andy did not understand this phrase, Benito went on in his leisurely fashion to explain that these were orphans, adopted into his family. He shrugged aside Andy's rather appalled amazement. "The hen that has twenty chickens scratches no more than for one," said he carelessly. The two, she and Benito, stood side by side watching the departure of their guests. Andy looked back. Instantly they smiled. "I like them," said Andy to his friend. Ramón nodded. "They are of our blood," said he. "He is a Rivera. One of our bastards," he added carelessly. The startled mares, headed in full flight; tossed, plunged, jostled together, slid stiff legged, turned in the other direction, overturning the piled-up straw to the very bottom. Thus the grain was separated. Later it would be thrown from wooden shovels against the afternoon breeze to winnow away the chaff. It was a wild sight. Andy would have liked to linger, but Ramón led him on. "To race is forbidden," Ramón told his friend, as they went on, "for thus they break the water kegs; If it had been Don Sylvestre, now; or Ygnacio, who is serious&mdash;but well the rascals know that I&mdash;but here, you see, we make the brick for the house. But you have seen that at the mission." A group of men were feeding great lumps of adobe clay into a wooden mill; others barefooted were treading the resultant powder with water into the proper consistency; still others pressed the mixture, bound with straw, into the moulds. But here the process diverged from the mission practise. Into the soft bricks the artisan pressed bright-colored pebbles and shells to form pleasing patterns; and in one lot&mdash;gorgeous conception&mdash;had been embedded cattle skulls with the horns out. Indeed more gay, Andy thought; for the workmen themselves smiled at the young man as though sharing some secret joke or pleasure, in marked contrast to the stolid brutishness of the Indians. Their excursion ended at the stream side, where many women knelt in a row, beating garments and linen against stones. Some were very old and wrinkled; some young and very pretty; but all possessed of a shrill gayety and a busy tongue. They were not at all abashed by the holiday magnificence of the two young men, but shrieked rapid impertinences which Ramón parried in kind, but which would utterly have routed the bewildered Andy had he been alone. He was glad to withdraw in fair order under cover of his friend. Ramón laughed at his confusion. "But you should hear them as I have heard him sing them to the cattle, at night," he appealed to the others. "They are wild, like the mountains." The others murmured their applause. But Andy was confused, embarrassed at the mere idea. He muttered a refusal, self-conscious, ill at ease. Her expression was innocent. Her eyes looked full into Andy's with a widened guilelessness. Nevertheless, he sensed a hidden mockery, and his confusion fell from him. He returned her glance coolly. It was a small drama, swiftly played, but it was duly relished by all the spectators. The surface gravity of the young men became more profound; Doña Engracia permitted herself a veiled glance of placid amusement; the child, Faquita, sidled over to clasp Andy's hand. She looked up at him with an air of mature coquettishness comical in so small a creature. "You must not tease our guest," chided Doña Engracia. But Andy smiled down at her gravely from his great height. FOR some reason Andy was again comfortable, at ease with these pleasant people. Their manner, their grave ceremony, their luxury of living no longer embarrassed him. His spirit was able to move among them freely and confidently. His powers of analysis were not sufficient to tell him why this was: nor could he have explained to himself the glow of his expansion toward them. Possibly he had a dim perception of approval; that their secret appraisal of him had warmed. Don Sylvestre summoned him and talked to him for some time, asking many questions. The conversation, in external aspects, was so formal as almost to be stilted; yet the hidden residue of its effect was familiar. The company rose at a very early hour, soon after eight o'clock. Ramón accompanied his friend along the colonnade of the patio to his room. "Very much," replied Andy. "Very beautiful," agreed Andy shortly. "And she like you very much also," persisted Ramón. Andy snorted, shocked into frankness. Ramón lifted the candle and held it close to his friend's face. "But&mdash;" protested Andy. "'But!'" mocked Ramón. "Is that to say 'Yes, Ramón,' and 'No, Ramón'? I tell you, Carmel also like you very much." Andy shrugged. "All right," he agreed dryly. "She does! But if so, why should she act the way she does?" There remained, of the family, only Carmel. Andy all at once realized that he had wilfully put off thinking about Carmel, dawdling through all the other members of the family, holding her out as long as he could. And now that, in due order, he had disposed of the others, he must come to her. What about her? As usual, when Andy had involved himself about so far in introspection, he gave it up. His mind emptied itself for sleep. At length he recognized the tall figure of Panchito, who approached and said something to Don Sylvestre. The latter nodded. Ramón touched his friend on the arm. "They have all come," said he. "Let us go." "How goes it here, señor?" And Andy would hum with him in unison. Shortly the young Californian had it. He was immensely taken with the strange lilt. "But that is fresh: that is original!" cried Lugo. "But the words: those I could never say. What mean they?" He listened to Andy's rough translation and shook his head. "Those things are strange to me," he said. "I shall make words. What words?" He pondered for a moment. "That is not a song of love, nor is it a song of war, nor yet a song of the swallow or the dove or such things. Ha! I know! It is a song of you! I shall make it! You shall see; and it will be the Song of Don Largo, as Ramón has named you, tall like the mountains from which he comes, with the eye of gray like the rocks, and the strength of the wild wind in the peaks, and&mdash;" "Stop, stop!" cried Andy, laughing. "But no! I have it! Wait! Listen!" Young Lugo struck the flat of his hand on the strings of the guitar and began, at first hesitatingly, then with swifter assurance, to sing his improvisation to the tune of the trappers' melody. It was not bad impromptu verse; but unquestionably it was high flown, not to say hifalutin, and its content should have embarrassed the modest Andy to tears, if any of his old companions among the mountain men had been present! but there were none; and somehow all this foofaraw went naturally with all the other foofaraw, so Andy lay back on his elbow and grinned happily and quite impersonally. The by-standers listened, patting softly or nodding their heads in time to the lively lilt. A few, then more, struck into the air with one ear cocked for the words. At the final chord a shout of applause. This time all joined in the air, catching at snatches of the words as they remembered them, filling the gaps with humming. The group was augmented by those within hearing. Over and over they tried it, until the whole chorus was shouting out the Song of Don Largo with enormous gusto. Nobody, for the moment, paid any attention to Andy. Dusk had fallen. Under the trees the servants had lighted fires. Shortly came women bearing kettles of various food and flasks of wine and cups and plates and spoons, which they set down. Each helped himself. From the suspended beef they cut steaks which they roasted over the fires, squatting on their heels. Young Lugo had wandered away. Andy found himself surrounded by strangers; but he did not feel strange. They addressed him easily and naturally as one of themselves; or let him alone as the case might be. He was at ease. Still the women did not appear. BUT now Ramón was at his elbow holding the reins of two saddled horses. "Come," said he. "Where?" asked Andy. "The dance begins," said Ramón. Andy did not see why one should not walk the short hundred yards to the pavilion, but he mounted obediently. Before the stout rail they drew rein, and around them and behind them crowded all the other young men, also mounted. From the elevation of the saddle Andy could see the whole interior of the pavilion. It was brilliantly lighted with hundreds of candles. At one end an orchestra of guitars, violins, and flutes was softly tuning. The older men, Don Sylvestre among them, flanked them on either side. Against the other two walls of the room the girls and older women were seated in chairs. At first Andy was dazzled, and a little frightened by the thought that he must shortly venture before this formidable array. His impression was of color and light and slow movement. Then, as Ramón showed no present intention of dismounting, he recovered himself. A personable young man stepped to the middle of the floor. His appearance seemed to be a signal, for the musicians at once struck up. At the same time the other young men outside began to rein their horses to and fro in a slow weaving movement. However, Ramón, as eldest son, and Andy as his guest, did not take part in this maneuver, but sat immobile, facing the barrier. The young man raised his hands and danced gracefully in time to the music across the floor toward Carmel. He clapped his palms together twice. She arose, placed her hand in his. He held it high, and, still in time to the music, led her to the center of the pavilion. There he stood aside. Carmel, holding her skirts outspread, executed a dozen slow and languorous dance steps. Her lithe body swayed, her little red-clad feet glided to the slow tempo. The young man, aside, swayed also, and his feet moved, but rather as though echoing the dance than as sharing it. His eyes languished down at her in a disgusting manner. At least, that was Andy's reaction. And her eyes, as she danced, peeped up at him from beneath her lashes in a fashion which&mdash;to Andy&mdash;was altogether too bold for modesty. Suddenly he knew he did not like this young man. He looked effeminate; and his manner was too assured. Andy felt himself already a member of this household and privileged to resentment on its behalf. Certainly, if any sister of his&mdash; He looked toward Ramón, but that young man appeared to be quite undisturbed. He caught Andy's glance and smiled. Thus one by one he led the bright butterflies forth to flutter their instant in the center of the stage. The man was tireless. Never for a moment did he cease following with the rhythm of his feet and body the beat and throb of the music. The orchestra seemed equally tireless. The music rose and fell, now whispering, now swelling, like the wind in trees. Occasionally one or another of the guitarists caught up a bar or two of the melody with his voice. The fans waved slowly; the flames of the candles bent and recovered; in the half darkness beyond the barrier the horses weaved to and fro, in and out. "Now we shall dance," said Ramón, bending low to remove his spurs. He leaped from his saddle, threw the reins over his horse's head, and, hat in hand, entered the pavilion. MANY of the young men followed his example; but as others still kept the saddle, Andy felt that he could do so also. He had no desire to venture on the floor. He knew nothing of these matters; it was better to watch. In these general dances for the whole company the men chose their partners. But the reverse was the case for the solos. Then the girl snatched a man's hat and, perching it rakishly atop her head, darted away pursued by its owner. It was the challenge to dance. Some of these solos were remarkable, but, Andy learned from Felipe, they were all known and standardized and named, and their performance critically estimated. One of the most astonishing, to him, was executed by Carmel. She signaled the orchestra. There was a quick flip of a foot, a swirl of wide skirts: the handkerchief had vanished. A burst of applause burst forth, in which Andy, almost unwillingly, joined. The younger people shouted, clamored in a wild informality of enthusiasm; but the older women holding their hands high over their heads clapped their palms together in the beat of a measured rhythm. When the noise had died down Don Sylvestre arose to his feet. Felipe told Andy that this meant a quarter hour's intermission. In the old days it was called about once in so often, so that the pious merrymakers might tell their beads; but now it signified merely a recess. The musicians laid aside their instruments and betook themselves to the refreshment table outside. The women, for the most part, disappeared within doors. Ramón returned to reclaim his horse. He was scandalized to find Andy exactly where he had left him. "I reckon they'd find my dancing hump-backed even if I ain't," said Andy. "All right, I suppose I must do that," conceded Andy reluctantly. "Your sister did that bamba dance wonderfully," he said, to change the subject. "Carmelita? Oh, yes, she do good enough," agreed Ramón with fraternal indifference. The ladies were drifting back into the pavilion. Andy saw his friend's face light up and followed the direction of his eyes to a girl. She looked to Andy very much like all the other girls of her age, for he was unskilled in smaller feminine distinctions, and found it as puzzling then as he would now to distinguish individuals in the standardized product. The enthusiasm with which Ramón rose to his question brought to his lips an involuntary smile, which he instantly erased. But Ramón caught it. "How do you know? Have you tried it?" Andy laughed. "I am sorry." Andy was distressed at Ramón's heat. "I did not mean&mdash;" "I was only joking," murmured Andy. "Well," said Andy, "I admit I'm a greenhorn, but it seems to me that makes it a little difficult&mdash;and just a little unsatisfactory." "Won't the young lady herself tell you?" "Conchita?" Ramón was scandalized. "She tell? But that I would not ask of her! That would be eshameless!" "Sorry again!" but Andy could not suppress a chuckle over the fantastic hopelessness of the situation. Ramón smiled ruefully; then laid his hand on Andy's arm. "I? Do what!" "Find out for me where she esleep." "Oh, I thought you wanted me to sing to her," Andy grinned. But Ramón was now much too serious for joking. He brushed this aside. "You haven't told me the lady's name yet&mdash;if I may ask that," he reminded. "Ah, no?" Ramón was surprised. "It is Conchita: Conchita de la Cuesta." The name rippled caressingly from his tongue with the murmur of flowing waters. "But that is a beautiful name!" cried Andy. "Ramón, yours is a beautiful language!" "Yes?" said Ramón. "But not so beautiful as the English." "But English is not beautiful." "But yes!" insisted Ramón, "I think the most beautiful two words I know are English." "What are they?" "Cellar door," said Ramón; and as he pronounced it&mdash;celadór&mdash;the syllables were indeed lovely. His eyes, as he talked; never ceased following the fair Conchita. Andy perceived that this was indeed true. Indeed, he had not been able to avoid seeing it, though, as a gentleman, he had conscientiously tried. Now he was astounded to learn that he should not try. It was too much for him. One must not touch or speak, it seemed, but one may, quite unembarrassed, comment on a lady's nipples, Ramón had spoken with entire absence of self-consciousness. He was spared further ecstasies by the appearance of a servant with a tray of wineglasses, from which each horseman helped himself. At the same time the music swung into a rhythmic lilt. Which last, had Andy lived in modern times, he might very accurately have translated as "shoot the works." "Thought you should not touch," observed Andy dryly. "But thees was of the dance." Ramón was very earnest about it. "And she return immediately: she do not estay here with me." Which seemed to Andy only another of the fine distinctions. "What you think? Is she not beautiful? Do she not do the dance like the birds?" Andy assented: but secretly he thought Conchita's performance far below that of Carmel. "You come belatedly, Don Andres," his hostess chided him. "I am strange to your customs, so I watched. And I do not know how to dance your dances." Doña Engracia looked up at him quickly. His grave face did not alter by the flicker of an eyelash. Carmel flushed angrily and bit her lip. For an instant the fans ceased their movement. Beneath an exaggerated decorum of demeanor rippled a concealed surprise and a relished amusement. Faquita glanced timidly toward her mother. That she was present at all had been a tremendous concession. She was not supposed to dance, for she was only a child. But Doña Engracia nodded. Faquita arose with a delight she tried in vain to repress. Her cup of bliss was full. The dance, probably by kindly instruction, proved to be a figure dance, somewhat after the order of a quadrille, so that Andy was able, by observation and by Faquita's eager help, to walk through it without discredit. He blundered once or twice, turned the wrong way, but there proved to be no embarrassment in his mistakes. They set him right so gayly and with such kindly good-humor that Andy laughed, and then they laughed too. Of a sudden he was at ease and ready to do anything. As soon as he had returned Faquita to her seat he was pounced upon by Ramón. "It is the third room in the west wing," Andy told him. "Soul of my soul!" cried Ramón rapturously, though it is uncertain to whom he referred. Andy was bending forward to his friend's ear, his hands behind his back. He felt his hat snatched violently from them, and turned startled to see Carmel scuttling away down the length of the enclosure, the hat perched rakishly on the side of her head. Andy stared after her in dismay and back to Ramón in perplexity. The latter was delighted. "Go now, you must catch her. Go on, quick!" Ramón pushed him with the flat of his hand. Carmel had turned at the end of the room, her eyes cool and insolent in challenge. Andy hesitated, then his jaws set. "Oh, very well," he muttered, "if that's your game!" Ordinarily these affairs were merely a pretty pretense of capture, but Carmel avoided Andy with what was evidently a determination to embarrass him. She was quick and lithe, and for two moves evaded her pursuer. A good many people were laughing, with entire good feeling, it is true, but laughing just the same. Andy's eyes narrowed. He half turned away, as though to abandon the chase, then suddenly whirled and pounced. It was an extraordinary leap, from a stand, quick, graceful, sudden, like the spring of a panther. Holding his captive firmly by one arm, he turned to face the room. "Now what?" he demanded of Ramón. Suddenly he came to a decision; and at once discovered he was master of himself. He faced the attentive room with cold assurance. And suddenly he threw back his head and uttered the wild high cry of the Indian warwhoop; leaped into the air; cracked his heels together. Several of the women shrieked. The girl Carmel stared at him round eyed, with parted lips. Under its cover Andy turned to lead her to her seat. Abruptly, as the music stopped, he came to himself. She glanced up at him sidewise. She gave him fully her eyes. She fled the last few steps to her chair. Andy grinned to himself. So the tame bear had danced for her after all. But, he felt, honors were even. And now Carlos Lugo had the inspiration which was to turn this doubtful situation to a full triumph for Andy. Seizing a guitar from one of the musicians he struck its chords and in full voice swung into the barbaric lilt of the mountain man's song, the Song of Don Largo. One by one others of the young men who had been of the group under the live oak tree leaped the barrier to gather close about the singer. The lusty full-blooded chorus swelled to a shout. People laughed and applauded and beat time. Ramón was clapping Andy on the shoulder. Everybody was looking at him; everybody was smiling. And Andy stood there, a little embarrassed, a little deprecatory, but very much glad. Ramón was the best of friends; Carlos Lugo was a fine fellow; these people, for all their foofaraw of person and manner, were warm hearted and generous. He looked toward Doña Engracia: she smiled at him. He looked toward Don Sylvestre: the austere dignity of his face was relaxed. He looked toward Carmel: her lashes were cast down, so there his eyes lingered. Ramón was right: she was very beautiful. He had not really noticed how beautiful she was. Her arms, raised to the rearrangement of her hair, were soft and round. The attitude drew smooth the silk of her high buttoned waist. Andy could not avoid recollection of Ramón's naive comment as to another girl. His dark face flushed, and he forced his eyes away. They met those of the child, Faquita, gazing at him solemnly. "No," said Andy. "Is she not beautiful?" whispered Ramón. "Very beautiful," agreed Andy again; but it was not Conchita he was seeing. Andy straggled down to the stream with the others, and plunged his head in the cold water, and was as good as new. But he found himself incapable of the explosive high spirits of these California young men. At this hour they seemed egregious, even to the hardened mountain man, to whom the loss of a night's sleep meant nothing. They talked and argued and joked and laughed and sang snatches of song and shouted for horses. The place rapidly turned into a three-ringed circus. Mounted men scurried in all directions, skylarking, or competing in impromptu races and games. "Not I!" said Andy. "I'll just watch." Ramón laughed mischievously. "Your pardon, señor? I did not hear," said Ramón, with sudden grave formality. "My luck?" repeated Ramón. "What mean you by that?" "I suppose you did not have luck last night, with the wine, then?" The reference was clear, for at the dance of the evening before, Ramón, filled wineglass in hand, had leaped his horse over the barrier to the center of the floor, and no drop spilled, to finish the dance mounted, opposite the girl Conchita. Incidentally the maneuver had jostled aside rather rudely her partner, none other than this young man, who now, for the first time, gave vent to his ruffled feelings. Ramón stared at him a moment. Then he raised his voice. "Antero!" he called. HE RAISED his own glass. "To the luck of the Riveras!" he repeated, "&mdash;and to the friend that luck has brought me, Don Andres Bur-r-nett&mdash;Don Largo." This was well received, for Andy was already popular. "And now, my friends, you shall see something wonderful, which you have never seen before, and of which I have not told you, because without the seeing you would not believe." And Andy, the straightforward, direct mountain man, was not in the least ashamed of himself, and no thought came to him of what Jack Kelly would say to such a performance. Suddenly Andy was filled with embarrassment. He would have liked well to efface himself. But even Don Sylvestre was smiling at him, motioning him on. He crossed the open space, stood beneath the window. From the white hand something fluttered to the ground. He stooped to pick it up; then stood staring at it, his dark face flushing. He felt very flat, very foolish, very much alone exposed to the ridicule of many eyes. For what he held was no pretty guerdon of rose or jasmine, but a sprig of common sage, dry and powdery with the season, a sorry mockery. He did not know what to do. "Message?" repeated Andy. "But yes. All the flower, they say thing. Do not you know that? And this one say this: 'I await for you.'" Remembering in time Ramón's explanation of its value as a favor, he did not quite dare to invite Carmel to his saddle; but he did spur forward to her side. And as he was the guest of the house, as also the ostensible reason for all this merrymaking, the half dozen or more young men about her fell back, leaving him a clear field. But just before the party set forth Ramón called him aside for a moment. "Here," said he hastily in Spanish, out of courtesy to Conchita. "You must make reply. Yes, it must be: it is courteous. Place it also in the hat." He thrust upon Andy a sprig of jasmine. Andy took it but looked doubtfully at his friend. "What does it say?" he wanted to know. Andy turned in appeal to Conchita, but she shook her pretty head, then nodded encouragingly. It must be admitted that Andy's use of this consideration fell short of the masterly. He did not know what to do with it. Carmel rode composedly aloof, her eyes fixed on distant invisible things. The situation was like a prickly pear. Andy had no small talk. His few proffers of politeness sounded to him flat instantly they had been voiced. He did not know that this was because the girl made them so by deliberately permitting them to fall to the ground. After a try or two Andy desisted. They rode in silence. But the effect on the mountain man was not completely what Carmel may have intended. For a little while only he writhed appropriately wormish; for a little while more he flushed with a desirable anger. Then he laughed aloud. There had suddenly come to him a simple recollection, that Carmel would not have understood, but a recollection so vivid that it had for the moment almost the quality of a vision. It carried him back a dozen years, to a leafy Pennsylvania woodland, and opposite him the quaint bizarre figure of Joe Crane seated on a log and holding forth to the open-mouthed youngster which was himself. He could hear the words, as though spoken in his ears. "I might well, thinks you, git me the foofaraw of proper dress; but, thinks I, 'Joe Crane, never in all your life have you acted like anybody but yourself. Do not make yourself out a fool by trying to ape other folks now. Joe Crane you have always been, and Joe Crane you still remain. Go ahead, Joe Crane!'" Andy chuckled again. "Andy Burnett you still remain. Go ahead, Andy Burnett!" said he to himself. He looked up into space. "Thanks, Joe," said he aloud. "Why," said Andy, "I laugh at you and me." He drawled the words in a fashion that would have warned her, had she known the breed. "Foofaraw." said he. "Foofaraw," repeated Andy. "That is your game, Now we will play mine." "I do not understand," said Carmel faintly. "You will," said Andy. "Look here, Ramón," he demanded without preliminary, "what did that flower you gave me mean?" Ramón glanced curiously at his friend's face, then answered directly and without hesitation: "She mean, 'I do not wish you to become a nun.'" "That's all right: I wouldn't wish anybody to become a nun. Now tell me: it was your sister who threw me that piece of sage, wasn't it?" "That is for you to find out, is it not so?" "Well, I am finding out. It was, wasn't it?" "Yes," acknowleded Ramón, after a moment. "Are these things meant seriously by your women, or are they supposed to be a joke? I want to know." "Well, she'd better mean it, with me," returned Andy brusquely. "I am not angry," Andy interrupted. "I just want to know." "I'm going to marry your sister," said Andy bluntly, "You do not approve?" he demanded at Ramón's astonished face. "Approve? Approve? But, heart of my heart, I am delight!" Ramón hastened, "There could be nothing I more desire. But you take from me my breath! There are so many thing&mdash;Carmel, does she love you?" "If she does not, she'd better let me alone." Then for a moment Andy's white blaze wavered. "Oh, Ramón!" he cried, "don't you think&mdash;" "There is Cortilla&mdash;those Mexican&mdash;" "I'll attend to them," said Andy. Andy was checked for a moment, but only for a moment. He spread his great hands, contemplating them. "I can keep my woman," said he briefly. His eye was somber. Then suddenly he reared his head, visibly shaking off the swarm of practical considerations and difficulties his friend's words had evoked. Foofaraw, all of them. He was through with foofaraw. "I'm going to marry your sister," he repeated decisively, and turned on his heel. Ramón looked after him for a moment. Then he chuckled delightedly and sought out his sister. "Carmelita," said he, "it just came to me a saying of our Vicenta." "What is that, hermano?" "'He who runs with wolves must learn to howl,'" said Ramón. But they were not deliberate: they were a by-product of the mountain man's temperament and training. One puzzled out a trail bit by bit; one met each day separately face to face and did not live tomorrow until it came; when one tackled a job one disentangled all its elements and arranged them in due order, and took the first one first, and stayed with it until it was done, and then&mdash;and not until then&mdash;went on to the second. That was the way he had managed to survive. So now. He loved Carmel: he must have her. This was a fact, that had confronted him quietly, as one comes around a corner of the rim rock upon something that has been there all the time. It was as though he moved into a new country, where he belonged; and in it waited strange exciting things that at odd moments stabbed through him, disturbing his accustomed calm possession of mind. It had been so when he crossed the Sierra into the Lovely Land. And in this land too was the same feeling of inevitability, of certainty. He recognized the feeling. In a few other occasions of life he had experienced it, but never with such conviction. But here he swung into the habit of his training. He bent his head to the trail, turning his mind inward to the practical steps of the way. He must act at once. The necessities arranged themselves in an ordered and logical program of necessity, one dependent on the other. He must arrange matters so he would be permitted to stay in California: he must arrange matters so he could take care of Carmel with honor and comfort: he must obtain, if possible, Don Sylvestre's approval. Then he must win the girl. That was the trail. It must not be understood that all this presented itself to Andy as above set down. He was not analytical; and certainly not as cold-blooded as all that. The iron of his logic was instinctive, subconscious. That was the way his nature worked, not his mind. Completely surprised, she stared at him unbelieving. The latter withdrew, gracefully enough, all but one. "Doña Carmel has perhaps need of my help?" he asked softly. Carmel had come to her decision through no favor to Andy. Had one of the Californians committed this&mdash;yes, this outrage, she would have known well enough what to do. But the unknown frightened her. She had not yet learned to howl with the wolves. She was angry, of course; she was disturbed; but secretly she was thrilled. She turned to the young man at her side. But the thrill died away. Andy was monosyllabic. She could make nothing of him. As a matter of fact, he was waiting at quite a distant point of time for the present to catch up to him. "I like not that!" He turned to Andy. "Panchito tell me this Gaston have been seen riding fast on the road to Monterey." "Well," said Andy, "let him go. I don't like him." "Perhaps he has just gone home mad," suggested Andy. "Then why he ride toward Monterey? He come from San Juan." "What do we do about it?" asked Andy. "That we must ask my papá." "Well," said Andy reasonably, "that is what we were going to do, isn't it? You said yourself that I could not stay here long without discovery." "Of course I am sorry," said Andy stoutly; but deep in his heart he was not sorry. If the thing must be faced, he welcomed the coming to grips. Once more he was feeling beneath his feet the solid ground of action. "You speak English, too?" asked Phelps. "A little," said Andy. "That I regret," said Don Sylvestre with dignity. "Señor Todd is a man who possesses my esteem. Ask this one to state his errand." Don Sylvestre nodded abstractedly to this. He was considering an idea of his own. Immediately the bundles had been opened and their contents spread out, the women had pounced upon them, and already the smaller objects were passing from hand to hand. No one waited to be served. They helped themselves. The supercargo was distracted. He darted from one group to another, trying in vain to impose some order; to regain possession of his valuables, at the very least to ascertain the names and the responsibility of those who made off with them. This was the more difficult in that he knew nothing of the language, his interpreter had disappeared, and nobody paid more than momentary attention to his incomprehensible excitement. But now Don Sylvestre put his idea into execution. "Señoras! Señoritas!" he called again and again, until the chattering died to silence. However, that young man's bewilderments were not yet finished. The small matter of payment? Ah, yes, Don Sylvestre nodded when Ramón translated this: what would be the amount? Phelps, scandalized to the depths of his soul at this casual indifference, named a sum. Phelps was astonished at this instant and careless acceptance of the first price. He repressed a smile of satisfaction, for, in expectation of bargaining, he had named a sum in excess of what he was prepared to accept. "Ask him when he wishes to sign the papers," he told Ramón. "What papers are those?" Don Sylvestre wanted to know. The papers recording the transaction. "I cannot return to my master without a guarantee!" protested Phelps in despair. At last Don Sylvestre comprehended. He drew himself to his full height, and from his beard plucked a single hair, which he handed to the bewildered supercargo. "Take this to your master," said he grandly. "Tell him it is a hair from the beard of Don Sylvestre Rivera. It will be to him a sufficient guarantee." He and Ramón turned on their heels and stalked away. Andy took pity on the little man's honest confusion. "It's all right," he assured him. "But my owners&mdash;Captain Barclay&mdash;" gasped Phelps: "I reckon the Captain will understand, if he's traded on this coast before. This your first trip, eh?" "But it wasn't business-like!" "Maybe not. I don't know business. But it's California; I reckon. You'll get paid." "I hope so." Phelps was only partly reassured. "But you aren't Spanish, are you?" he asked suddenly. "No: I'm American like yourself." "Haven't I heard of you? Aren't you the one&mdash;" "I reckon so," Andy laughed. "Look here," the little supercargo was very serious, "what you doing here? Don't you know&mdash;" "Yes, I know," said Andy. "Well, what you going to do about it?" "That I don't know." "Well, if I was you I'd pull out, and pull out quick." Andy shook his head. "Why not?" "Reasons of my own." "I'll remember, and thank you," said Andy. This wasn't a bad sort of little man, after all. Simply he did not yet understand foofaraw. Well, Andy had not understood foofaraw at first either. He must tell him something about foofaraw. Ramón was at his elbow. "I have told my papá we must talk to him, now," he said in Spanish. "He awaits us in the small room." BUT Don Sylvestre failed for the moment to justify Ramón's confidence in Papá as a fixer. Indeed, he proved to consider the situation even more seriously than had the younger man. To be sure, a Mexican could be bribed to accept almost any insult, Don Sylvestre agreed contemptuously, but hardly a public spanking. And when the Mexican has the official power&mdash;Don Sylvestre shrugged. Nor was his own protection sufficient for more than temporary asylum. Even inimical officialdom would hesitate to molest anyone while actually a guest of the Riveras. But formal demands would be made which could not be avoided. All this the young man already knew, too well. Nor did Don Sylvestre contribute anything new in the way of plan. Andy could return to the mountains and his old life: the way was still open. If he remained in the country it must be under the shadow of a risk that would sooner or later close in on him. So far Don Sylvestre had spoken impersonally, with grave politeness. Now, having stated the case, he permitted himself a warmth of manner as he laid his hand on Andy's shoulder. Obviously both he&mdash;and, reluctantly, Ramón&mdash;considered that the subject had been covered. But Andy was not quite satisfied. This new governor, Figueroa, sent from Mexico, had he arrived? What was he like? Was it certain he would back Cortilla in face of a strong appeal? "Could I get a hearing from him if I should go to Monterey?" Andy wished to know. That seemed to Don Sylvestre doubtful. More likely he would be arrested out of hand and railroaded to San Blas through subordinates. Besides, what could Andy proffer at a hearing? He could not deny that he had spanked the excellent Cortilla. No, he could not deny it, but it had been done with cause, Andy insisted. The officer had been massacring innocent people, for which act he should in justice be officially reprimanded as well as unofficially spanked. The victims were nothing but Indians, wild ones, gentiles. And Cortilla was on campaign. Andy hesitated, baffled. Obviously the innocence of his victims registered nothing with his hearers; and if this consideration carried no weight with friends, how much less with enemies? He tried a new tack. "But if your governor is a military man, as you say, then he must see that this lieutenant has acted very badly, for he has needlessly aroused a new hostility among savages who would have been friendly except for his action. I know they were friendly, for I stayed among them." Andy told of his experience in detail; and as he went on managed to build up a specious and flimsy plausibility. Ramón brightened; but Don Sylvestre listened doubtfully. "What is that?" "The disposition of Figueroa. If by some chance this Cortilla should not be favored by him, then what you say he might accept as an excuse. But if, as is more than probable, Cortilla is in his favor, then he will not listen at all." "But there is a chance?" "Of the very slightest." But Ramón was not so sure the chance was of the slightest. This Cortilla was the pig of the world. He was overweening, puffed up in his own conceit. Any sane governor ought to be delighted at an excuse to get rid of such a fellow. And, he reminded his father with growing eagerness, had he forgotten one other thing that Figueroa had already done&mdash;the appointment of Guadalupe Vallejo, a Californian, to command of the military forces? Was not that a sufficient indication? Ramón's enthusiasm kindled. It became a certainty. On to Monterey! "But there is a chance?" Andy protested. "Of the slightest," Don Sylvestre repeated, "but yes; a chance." "Then I shall go to Monterey," said Andy. Don Sylvestre looked at Andy thoughtfully. He did not again present the obvious alternative, nor attempt to combat the decision. "You are a very brave man," he said finally. "That I like. You are also, I think, somewhat foolish. But that," he added unexpectedly, "I like also. This much I can do: I shall journey with you to Monterey. You shall speak yourself to the governor. Until that is accomplished no one shall molest you. So much Sylvestre Rivera can promise. But beyond that nothing." "I will risk it," said Andy. "When shall we go?" HE LEFT father and son together in discussion of details. He closed the door behind him. Carmel stood before him. "I listened," she whispered hastily. "I could not but listen. I must know. I am frightened for you. Why do you do this thing?" Andy placed his two hands on her shoulders. "For you," he said simply. He stood for a moment devouring her with his eyes. "For you," he repeated. "And, by God, there aren't Mexicans enough in Mexico to stop me!" He crushed her to his breast. She clung to him desperately for a moment; then at Ramón's approaching step she tore herself free and vanished. Andy's program was obviously getting to be hind-end-to. "You mean right now?-tonight?" Andy saw the close-reasoned common sense of this, but he was still a little overcome at the thought of Don Sylvestre, an elderly man, a grandee, called upon to do six leagues, horseback on top of a long day which had been preceded by a very short night after the dance of the evening before. "My papá!" Ramón scoffed. "I bet you he ride you off your&mdash;what you call him?&mdash;off your tail right now!" Andy laid both hands on his friend's shoulders. "I shall see you again," said he. "I was never surer of anything in my life. You shall see." "You have the plan?" Ramón brightened. But Andy had no plan. And he could not in two words have made Ramón understand the truth; that somewhere within him existed, had always existed, an area of certainty which occasionally opened for his comfort at times of his greatest stress. And when once he had set foot within that area he was serenely sure, no matter how untoward circumstance might be. The experience was rare, it was capricious. It might be described as a state of psychic attunement with reality; or it might be called a hunch. But it was authentic. He was in the saddle. Panchito was handing to him the Boone gun, the long rifle, and its equipment. "Good man, Panchito," said Andy who, indeed, was on the point of demanding the weapon, though he was perfectly aware that arms could help him little in this affair. For once Ramón had no objections to offer. He touched Andy's knee. Andy bent to him. "Thanks," said Andy gruffly. He crushed Ramón's hand in his strong fingers. They struck spurs to their horses and dashed away after the headlong manner of California travel. As they topped the gentle rise Andy looked back. The pavilion was alight, and outside it dimly he could make out the lighted figures of the young men weaving to and fro. The dance had begun. At full speed they swept on through the soft night. The moon was just rising, and the shadows were velvet dark. "El camino real&mdash;the road to Monterey," said Don Sylvestre in a low voice. For the first time Andy realized that their journey had taken them over byways. And above the small sounds of jingling and stamping of their own animals, he became aware of the measured beat of other horses below. After a few moments a compact cavalcade came into view and passed beneath them, small with distance. "Cortilla, señor," Panchito grinned. They rode into the slumbering town, remarked only by the clamor of innumerable dogs. Past scattered smaller buildings built here, there, and everywhere, without order, they made their way to a central plaza composed of several long two-storied buildings and a number of the larger type of dwelling houses. A fort with mounted cannon stood beyond them on a low cliff. There were no streets. The place was profoundly asleep. There was no movement of any kind, no light showed; except that from the tall mast of the ship gleamed a single lantern, and up the sands of the beach at long spaced intervals a gentle wash crept lazily and receded with a sigh, a somnolent breathing of the sea. Before one of the houses facing the plaza they stopped. Andy was bowing to his host. The latter was a slender man, young, taller than most, with a remarkably white skin, of a simple but commanding presence. At the moment he wore a heavy silk robe, evidently donned hastily at the summons. He was dignified and reserved in manner, but greeted the mountain man cordially enough. Andy was at once struck by the fact that this was the first Californian he had seen wearing his hair cut short. Don Sylvestre introduced him as Don Juan Bautista Alvarado, a name that then conveyed nothing to Andy, and was indeed as yet little distinguished, but which later was to become well known in the fulfillment of destiny. There was no conversation. Alvarado showed no curiosity as to his guest, apparently satisfied for the moment with what Don Sylvestre had been able to tell him in their brief interchange at the door; nor did he permit his glance to betray inquisitiveness or other motive than that of a polite and exquisite hospitality. Candle in hand, he led the way to sleeping rooms and there left his visitors. Andy composed himself, tired after two days and nearly two nights of incessant activity. He viewed another specimen of the elaborate California beds with complacency; nor, after he had stretched himself between its sheets, did he long lie awake. The night was very still. Even the dogs had ceased baying the moon. On the beach the wash whispered softly against the sands. Beneath the silence beat the diapason of distant surf. From the ship in the harbor a bell struck briskly twice. Alvarado proved to be a fluent and intelligent talker, a shrewd and practical judge of conditions. He spoke slowly, with a reserved and formal courtesy, but beneath his manner Andy sensed the movement of a restless and ambitious spirit. His outlook was surprisingly wide as compared with the natural provincialism of his country-men; and he seemed avid for new information and new points of view. Possibly for this reason Andy found himself more and more involved in the talk, until the conversation became a dialogue, with Don Sylvestre apart listening. Alvarado asked many questions. They were not the type of question to which Andy had been accustomed. Most people wanted to hear of adventure: this Californian was more interested in movements. He inquired closely of Andy's own journeys, and was much struck by the fact that the mountain man had been of Jedediah Smith's party. He wanted details. He traced back through Andy's individual experiences until his questions had evoked in Andy's own mind a picture of a gradual opening of a country. For the first time the young man saw the thing whole, for the first time realized what had happened in the short dozen years of his Western life. At their beginning the frontier stopped little beyond the Mississippi. He himself had been one of the first to cross by the Cimarron to Taos and Santa Fe, where now, Alvarado told him, flowed the steadily increasing commerce of the prairies. He had been but a few days behind those who had discovered the easy way of South Pass through the great Continental Divide. In his time had been opened the unknown of Green River, the Virgin, the Central Basin. He had with his own eyes seen the supposed impassability of the Rockies leveled by the stubborn enterprise of his fellows, so that inaccessible solitudes had become neither inaccessible nor solitary. "You have twice crossed our Sierra, señor," said Alvarado. "Tell me: do you think that you could do so again?" "Why, yes," said Andy. "The passage is indeed of some difficulty, but a good mountain man could always accomplish it at proper season." "And on occasion you could lead others by the way you have come?" "That also I could do, señor, I think, if these others were strong men and well found. Do you desire me to undertake such an errand, señor?" But this, it seemed, was not Alvarado's thought. He shook his head, and changed the subject unexpectedly to speak of George Washington. He knew much of George Washington, whom he greatly admired; His knowledge was detailed. "Nor do we send money to Mexico," Don Sylvestre reminded him lazily. "Except in the private pockets of some of these Mexican officials," amended Alvarado. "That is the point I make: that we do not contribute to or depend upon Mexico, so why should we not rule ourselves? And we shall see this much, within a few years, that Mexico will be forced to recognize a governor chosen from our own people." "Yourself, Juan," said Don Sylvestre indulgently. "Perhaps," agreed Alvarado composedly, "or Guadalupe Vallejo, or José Castro, or José Noriega or many another. That much will surely come about; and then we shall have different laws of the trade, and for the mission, and above all for the land." "But how will they suit the others?" "What others, Juan?" Alvarado gestured toward the mountain man, who was listening with lively interest. "Those who follow him, will they be suited? They are the people whom the great Washington led in revolt against just these things. Have you not heard the things our friend here has told us? Have you not seen the picture he has drawn? They but pause yonder, the other side the Sierra. Soon they will find the way, as this one has found it. What then? Send to Mexico for instructions?" "Are there not instructions already?" Don Sylvestre pointed out. Alvarado ignored the irony. "Could I&mdash;could any of us?" he seemed now to be speaking more to himself than to his companions. "Not single handed, nor with the few who see. We can try; we shall try. But first we must take our own business into our own hands: we must shake off Mexico." Don Sylvestre smiled at Andy. "You think that California will be an independent state?" Andy was really interested. His eyes became distant, and he uttered a prophecy (Attested) remarkable at that time. "Don Andres," said he, "it is only a question of time when our country will belong to your government. I regret this, but it is undoubtedly a ruling of providence." Something clicked in Andy's brain. For a fleeting instant the years rolled back. A green untried boy he stood, hat in hand, in a dim, richly furnished library. Before him paced a tall hawk-faced man with blazing eyes, Benton of Missouri. He heard again the fragments of words that man had uttered, a clear echo from the past of long ago, "One people; one flag; a mighty civilization that shall extend; that must extend, from sea to sea." "We are born to a noble destiny," and again, "You are highly privileged, beyond most." The words had lifted him high; but in the long years the wave had fallen with forgetfulness. Now beneath his spirit he felt once more its mighty surge. It was but a confused moment that passed. He came to himself slightly bewildered. Alvarado was still talking. Andy did not clearly hear what he was saying. Don Sylvestre's indulgent tones penetrated his consciousness. "True, true!" Alvarado threw aside his preoccupation. "She is of the De la Vegas," said Don Sylvestre, "and she goes to mass. There is mass said each hour, beginning at dawn, so that those who require the consolation of religion may find always opportunity to attend. I am told that one of the De la Vegas is present at each mass." "They must be a very pious family," observed Andy, in order to say something. "They expiate a mortal sin. I will tell you of it, if you wish. Let us stop here for a time in the cool of the shade." They sat on one of the adobe benches attached to the front of the custom house fronting the water. Immediately below them began the arc of the beach that curved away to the right, and so, across the way, to the left again to encompass the sheltered part of the little bay. Across its width Andy saw the gray-clad dunes, and beyond them the rise of wooded hills through which he had ridden the night before. A dark and rocky headland to his left cut the view of the open sea, and beyond it he could hear the muffled beat of the surges that swept past to break white on the distant shore line across the way. But here within its protection the swell had fallen to a gentle wash that crept up the strand and receded with a sigh. Bands of tiny sandpipers followed its recession to its extremest ebb, snatching hastily at invisible quarry during its brief hesitation, only to twinkle away in retreat before the lazy surge of its flood. Two pelicans soared on slow wing, their tremendous beaks pointed downward in vigilance for their prey. They looked absurdly like gigantic mosquitoes. Occasionally one or the other of them let go all holds and fell like a plummet to hit the water with a tremendous splash. Ribald gulls wheeled about them screaming, snatching both at their prey and at the great dignity that informed their grotesqueness. Of these pirates they seemed completely unaware, but floated atop the water in serene buoyancy, like little ships. And beyond them was the ship itself at anchor lifting and falling gently, its spars and yards lined clearly against the blue background of the sky. Small figures moved on her deck. A boat bobbed and tugged alongside like an impatient child. Don Sylvestre lighted a cigarette. "Sacrilege!" he cried. "It seems to me," he told Andy, "that undoubtedly God intends Monterey to be one of the great cities of the world. It has a history of mystery. Vizcaino anchored in this bay in 1602 and raised a cross beneath an oak, and the friars sang the mass, and he sailed away to tell of the wonderful harbor he had claimed for the King and for our Saviour. And then for a hundred and sixty-eight years it was lost. No one could find it again. It became a legend. And when Juan Perez rediscovered it, in all Mexico was great public rejoicing. The oak of Vizcaino still stands." "The bear is yours, then, Bartolo? You have good bulls?" "You yourself must appreciate the value of education," Alvarado insisted. "Otherwise why did you send Ramón to New York?" "And what are those?" "Dancing, music, religion, and amiability," stated Don Sylvestre. Alvarado checked, hesitated; then laughed. "Your cook could not have prepared a more exquisite dish than this," said Don Sylvestre, helping himself again, "if he could patter Latin like a priest." "My cook, ah, yes." Alvarado lightly accepted the change of subject. "Now, there is one! He is an Indian, and he is excellent, as you see. But he is good only if I have him severely whipped regularly once each month. And the diverting part of it is that he himself knows this so well that he will come to me of his own accord and beg me to have it done. That is true, I assure you. You shall see." The Indian, an elderly and wrinkled man, with extreme gravity of countenance, came when summoned and stood in the doorway. He solemnly corroborated his master's statement. So Andy took the Boone gun and tramped through the now somnolent and deserted town to the wooded ridge that rose behind it, and sat on a fallen tree, and breathed the soft air perfumed with heated pine needles, and listened to the bawling of jays and the brisk calling of quail, and thought of all the things he had seen and heard. AFTER a time he descended the hill to the town. On the outskirts he was drawn aside by a concourse of people gathered close about the adobe walls of a corral. Some sat atop; others stood on rough platforms permitting them to see over. A number were on horseback. Andy climbed up and looked within. To a post in the middle of the corral the bear was tied. He had considerable freedom of movement; nevertheless, he was firmly shackled. Several strands of stout rawhide, possibly a yard or more long, connected his two hind feet. To this a number of doubled reatas were attached, the loops of which had been thrown over the post. Thus the bear could move about the post within the circle whose radius was determined by the reatas. A horseman armed with a long pole maneuvered just out of reach. He kept poking at the bear with the pole. His first object was to prevent the animal from gnawing through his bonds, which otherwise he would very promptly have done. As a by-product he had succeeded in arousing the beast to frantic anger. After a few moments someone yelled. The horseman instantly spurred out through the open gate, which was promptly slammed shut behind him. At the same time another gate was opened, and through it dashed a young bull. This was no domesticated bull, even in the limited sense in which that term might be applied to the range cattle; but a true wild beast, a renegade that had long run the chaparral of the rough districts of El Sur; long horned, slender barreled, as quick and agile as a deer. He had been captured only after a long wait as he crossed a tiny flat at daylight on his way to water. His kind and the bear people were old acquaintances. By the very fact of survival he had proved himself. He was instantly aware of the bear attached to the post; and he was as swiftly cognizant of the fact that he here encountered his hereditary enemy in an enclosed place. In the open he would warily have fled at the mere scent of a bear. Here he charged at once, and with what looked like irresistible speed and power. The bear had, at first sight of the bull, ceased its raging to survey the newcomer through little eyes that seemed to twinkle with calculation. Now, he rose to his hind legs and waited calmly until the long rapier horns seemed almost to touch his chest. His body looked to be utterly relaxed, almost somnolently indifferent. Then, at the last split second things happened with lightning speed. The bear's forepaws shot forward, clamped on either side the bull's head. Andy saw the spread of the wide horns jerk to the vertical, and then on over: almost to the horizontal again. The two beasts went down in a cloud of dust. Instantly the bear was afoot again; but the bull was dead, his neck broken. Horsemen entered, cast their reatas about the dead beast's horns, and dragged it out. The bear raged at them, straining against his rawhide bonds. The moment they had disappeared, a second bull was admitted. This also was a wild captive from the chaparral. It was fully as active and powerful as the first, but more formidably armed, in that by a freak of growth its long horns, instead of spreading wide, pointed forward almost like a pair of lances in rest. Obviously the same tactics that had conquered the first bull must result in the bear's impaling himself through the chest. The spectators saw this at once and shouted in anticipation. But they had not reckoned with the keen intelligence behind those small red and blazing eyes. The bear had sized up the situation as quickly as and more competently than had his audience. He did not rise to his hind feet to meet the charge, but leaped quickly sideways in avoidance; and as the bull passed he reared and brought down his great paw so powerfully across its neck that the bull was dashed to earth with such violence as to break off one of his horns. Instantly the bear rushed at him, to pounce upon him before he could rise; but was snubbed up short by his tether. The bull was no less prompt in recovery. As he leaped to his feet he brought his remaining horn sideways in a wide swipe that caught his enemy, who had not recovered his balance, across the shoulder, inflicting a long deep gash. The bear grabbed for the horn with both paws, but again the hampering tether brought him up short. For the third time the bull wheeled and charged, his single horn pointed like a rapier. But this time the bear delivered the boxer's blow from his paw, not at the bull's neck, but toward its knees; and the bull, flinching from the threat, turned his head just sufficiently to afford the bear opportunity for his head hold. Again the horn tossed up and around; again the bull rolled over, dead, its neck broken. The third bull was a larger animal than either of the other two, thinner, rangier, and obviously in a frenziedly combative spirit. His head swung from side to side; his eyes flashed green fire. Andy did not know it, but before its admittance to the corral the animal had been prodded to a fury. It wasted no time in preliminaries, but charged at once. The bear met it as before; but a little more slowly, a little less certainly, almost clumsily. It may have been due to this: or possibly an unexpected twist of the head at the last moment upset the nicety of the bear's calculation. At any rate, the long straight horn passed through the bear's neck at the exact instant the latter's paws closed about his antagonist's head from above. There was a sharp snap, and the two hurtled violently against the stout snubbing post. The bull was dead. The crowd was shouting crazily. Andy's neighbor turned to him, his eyes blazing. "A fine bear, señor!" But neither he nor any of the others seemed to have compassion for the beast. All were shouting impatiently for the next bull, which was, his informant told him, the last. A slow anger was swelling in Andy's breast. This was not fair. The bear was panting heavily; the blood was streaming from his two wounds. Surely he had earned at least a respite. But already the corral gates had swung back, and a great shout greeted the final bull as it bounded vigorously into the arena. This time the bear, though the blaze of his eyes advertised his undaunted spirit, was obviously to be on the losing end. He was slow in standing up; and as he made his customary snatch his hind foot slipped, so that he missed his hold. The bull had charged with his head held sideways to present one horn. It penetrated near the base of the neck, and both rolled over together. Eyerybody cheered wildly for the bull. No one&mdash;except Andy&mdash;seemed to have a thought for the gallant stand of the wearied but undaunted old champion. Both were afoot again, but the bear was now bleeding badly, while the bull bounded high in exuberance, his tail lashing. It was perfectly evident that the next charge must be the finish; that the affair must be quickly, and at last mercifully, over. If Andy had been in his sober mind he must have realized that fact. But he was not in his sober mind. His anger wholly possessed him. He snatched the long rifle to his cheek and shot the bull. It is useless to speculate what might have happened had not Alvarado and Don Sylvestre opportunely appeared. Possibly Andy might have been lynched by the outraged populace and the licentious soldiery. Undoubtedly, failing this, he must have landed in the calaboose. Andy's act appeared to these people as gratuitous, without reason or sense. They resented it. Nor did his hosts, when finally a settlement had been made, find it easy to get the idea. "But that bear must die, señor, from his wounds," observed Alvarado reasonably enough, "and that would happen quickly. Besides which, the bull was a very fine bull." This was entirely logical; indeed, Andy was forced by his common sense to agree to it. Nevertheless, the illogical part of him was stubborn; he was still glad he had shot the bull. Something of this skepticism must have showed in his face, for he caught Alvarado looking at him curiously. After a moment the Californian laughed. "Well, the bear had made a good fight," muttered Andy, "and the whole world was against him." "Undoubtedly our friend is crazy," said he, but there was in his words no sting. "I think always you will find him fighting on the weak side; and for that reason I think that always you will find him in trouble. And," he added with half-affectionate amusement, "for that same reason I think that always he will have friends to get him out of that trouble." "My lieutenant of troops should return within the day or two, if it pleases your excellencies to amuse yourselves so long;" Figueroa's teeth flashed in a significant smile. "Cannot El Comandante Vallejo sign for the military?" ventured Alvarado. "Unfortunately, El Comandante Don Mariano Guadalupe Vallejo is absent on a mission toward Sonoma, beyond the bay." Figueroa enunciated the words with meticulous nicety. That was as near as the interview approached the vital subject. After ten minutes of elaborate politeness the visitors withdrew. "That I shall tell you in two words," said Alvarado. "The governor will do nothing until Cortilla returns. That, I suspected. But this you note: he made no offer of arrest. Our friend, here, is still as free as the air. That is significant." "Of what?" asked Andy. "Of one of two things. Either he hopes you will take advantage of that freedom to flee and save him this trouble; or he hesitates because Don Sylvestre appears to be your friend." "He seems to me," offered Andy shrewdly, "to be a man of decision, in spite of his manner." Alvarado nodded vigorous acquiescence. "And for a third thing, and then I am finished with politics. It is known that José Maria Padres had gathered in Mexico a large number of people who come to California in the guise of colonists, and it is strongly rumored that he may even have secret orders to supplant Figueroa if the governor does not fall in with the policy of despoiling the missions." Alvarado smiled. "Figueroa lets it be known that he is in bad health and suffers from vertigo and the dampness of the fogs. This is what I think: that if affairs go badly this dampness may force him to take residence, like Echeandia, in the south. If they go worse, the vertigo may cause him, reluctantly, to resign. But if he finds the support he seeks, then you will see his health improve." (As a matter of historical interest, Alvarado was here in error. Figueroa actually died of his infirmities after a brief administration whose wisdom seems to indicate he might have been the best of the Mexican governors, had he lived. ) "What?" asked Andy and Don Sylvestre together. "I agree, Don Juan," he said, when the Californian had finished. "And I will add this: that I think Figueroa would be immensely grateful if you would do as he obviously hopes." "What is that?" Andy asked. "Why, simply, to mount your horse and ride east. I think I could safely predict that you will not be too closely pursued. That is my opinion." "And mine," said Alvarado. "Much as I regret it, it is also my own," said Don Sylvestre. "I will add what these gentlemen would never tell you," said Larkin in English, "for they are your friends, and when a Californian is your friend he will stick to you through anything. But have you thought of the embarrassment you will cause them if you force them to do so?" He laid his hand on the mountain man's shoulder and gave it a quick shake. "I know how you feel," he said, and in his voice was a world of kindliness. "But think!" "I will," muttered Andy. He turned on his heel and strode away. HE SAT again on the fallen log; and he did think; and his logic and common sense brought him inexorably to the conclusion voiced by Larkin. The only difficulty was, he did not believe it. That, his reason told him, was because he did not want to believe it. But reason had nothing to do with the matter. Again Andy was oriented by one of his blind "hunches," which he had always followed, and which he must follow now. It might be sheer obstinacy or selfishness; it might unwarrantedly involve people he had every reason not to involve; it might, very probably, land him in a Mexican prison; but he must stick it out. He came to this conclusion in no forlorn hope spirit of desperation. Quite to the contrary, he swung down its current with a feeling of security that, in anybody else, he would have designated as chuckle-headed. He knew that feeling of old; and it had never failed him yet. Somehow he always associated it with the old long rifle, the Boone gun. It was his talisman through which on rare occasions somehow flowed to him protections and leadings he sensed but neither examined nor understood. THE end of November approached, and the days were getting short. So engrossed was Andy with his inner affairs, he did not notice that the sun's rays had leveled through the pines, nor that he had rounded the arc of the bay. He was brought to himself by the sounds of hoofs and voices. As may be imagined, a mountain man of a dozen years' experience was rarely to be surprised by anything; certainly not sufficiently to complete bereavement of his power of motion. Yet just so was the case of Andy when, a moment later, the disturbers of his solitude came into view. The horses were three in number, each with its rider. The latter were typical mountain men, long hair, shiny black buckskin garments, moccasins, long rifles, and all. They were about as congruous, in this gentle Californian coast forest, accustomed to its pageant-like brilliantly dressed cavalcades, as a saxophone in a convent. They rode close together, at a shuffling trot, and their eyes wandered restlessly, never still for a moment. They caught sight of Andy instantly, and stopped. "Thar's one of them now," one of the riders said to the other. "Mebbe so he'll tell us the way and how fur it is." "How you goin' to ask him?" inquired the second sarcastically. "Don't need to ask. Just say 'Monterey' and hunch up yore eyebrows." "That shines," admitted the second, "but wouldn't you think effn they didn't l'arn white man's language they'd at least l'arn hand talk!" The third man did not speak. After a moment's attentive scrutiny they set their horses again in motion. By this time Andy had recovered from his astonishment. "Hullo, Joe Walker," he said quietly. "Hullo, George." The horses were again snatched to a halt. "Who are you that knows my name?" said the third man sharply. "Take a look," advised Andy. But the man he had called George uttered a wild shrill yell. "You might also take a look at that horse of yours," advised Walker dryly. "Doggone, I am always plumb fergittin' these yere California hosses ain't broke to trapper ways," muttered George, setting off in pursuit of the beast. "Glad to see you again, Burnett," said Walker. "You know John Price?" He waved his hand at the other member of the party. "What you doing in this neck of the woods?" His eyes traveled over Andy's get-up, and he grinned slowly. "That your war paint?" he asked. "Purty good, eh?" Andy fell gratefully into the familiar vernacular. "But where floats your stick, Joe? I'm sure surprised to see you 'way over this side the ranges." "Same to you," Walker pointed out. He swung leisurely from his horse and squatted, frontiersman's fashion, on his heels. His companion followed his example, and George, returning with his recaptured horse, joined the group. Walker produced a short stone-bowled pipe from his belt, filled it, pressed into the tobacco a light from his tinder, and passed it to Andy. The latter puffed strongly on it thrice and passed it to George. Until the circuit was complete no one spoke further. Andy took part in the little ceremony with an uprush of nostalgic pleasure that surprised him. For the moment he was swept spiritually into a past he thought he had closed away from him forever. "You know where is this Monterey place?" Walker asked abruptly when the pipe had been returned to him. "Sure," said Andy. "Is she far?" "Just over the hill. I walked out from there." "We're headed that-away. Want to get permission to winter." "Hope you get it," said Andy. "They ain't very friendly to mountain men just now." "So?" said Walker. "Friendly enough over where we left the boys&mdash;San Juan, they call it. Know the place?" Andy nodded. "How about you?" asked Walker. "How do you get to stay here?" Andy grinned ruefully. "That's just it; I don't," said he. He explained his position. They listened without interruption. Only when he detailed his encounter with the lieutenant, Cortilla, and how in reprisal for the latter's unprovoked massacre of the harmless and confiding Indians he had spanked that official with his own sword, did their attentive gravity break. "That shines!" said John Price. "So you see," concluded Andy, "looks like I might have to get out. But doggone if I can make my mind up to it. And looks like you boys might have trouble too." In the interest of the narrative no one noticed that the dusk had fallen. Mechanically, as though unconscious of what he was doing, George Parker had scooped together a handful of pine needles and dried twigs and had lighted a tiny fire. Walker for some time made no comment, but considered, his brows knit. His companions did not offer to break into his meditation. They waited, chewing placidly. The orange glow of the little fire strengthened in the dusk; began to reflect downward from the somber pine fronds overhead. Behind the group the horses stood patiently, their heads hanging, a hind foot tucked up, eyes half closed, dozing in grateful rest after the journey. "You speak this lingo?" asked Walker abruptly. Andy nodded. "That's good; none of us do. You can talk for us; We'll go see this governor. He can't any more than refuse. All we want to do is to winter here. If he does refuse, we can always go over toward the big mountains until the snow goes in the spring. I reckon we'll know how to take care of ourselves. There's nigh onto sixty of us," he told Andy. Andy whistled. "Sixty!" he was astounded, "Anybody else I know?" he asked eagerly. "We're workin' for Captain Bonneville," interpolated John Price swiftly. "Sent us to take a look west of the Big Lake, and we got a little furtherer than we meant to and had to keep a comin'." Walker brushed aside further explanation for the moment. "We'll go see this governor," he repeated, "you can talk for us." "There are several who can do that," said Andy: "an American named Larkin; and there's an American ship in the harbor." "No, Barclay," amended Andy. "Same man probably. Doesn't matter. But you better talk for us. You're a mountain man yourself. You needn't be scared they'll hold you. I reckon we can take care of that. And if they do get funny, the rest of the boys will be over in a couple or three days to see about it." "I ain't scared," said Andy, "but don't get the idea you can fight California, even with sixty long rifles. I used to think these people no good that way, but I changed my mind." "I reckon we can fight this part of California long enough to get ourselves away, if we want to," said Walker grimly. "All right," agreed Andy. He was in the current of events. He no longer, even in his thoughts, attempted to guide them. "I was going back anyway." He got to his feet to lead the way, but Walker did not immediately arise. "We got a piece of venison," he decided at last. "Reckon we'd better stay here till morning. Bad medicine to go in now. Mout make trouble. Better by daylight. What think?" They built up the fire; picketed the horses in an adjacent patch of grass; made their simple dispositions for bivouac. It was, to Andy, like old times. He took part with a zest that astonished him. After a meal of the venison roasted on the ends of green branches, once again they lighted the pipes, stretched themselves comfortably at full length about the fire. The night was mild. Sweet odors of pine needles evoked by the day's sun hung suspended in the tepid air. IT WAS Andy's turn to ask questions. A thousand dormant curiosities had awakened within him. A closed door had opened, and through it blew sweet bitter cold from the mountains. George did most of the talking, though John Price cut in from time to time. What had happened in the fur country? Why, many things. It was mostly a mess. "Heard about Vanderburg and what happened to him a'ter you done lit out from Rendezvous a'ter the fight?" George wanted to know. "I told you, I've heard nothing, nothing at all," said Andy. It seemed that the representative of the American Fur Company had made up his mind to cut in on the territory of the mountain men. To that end Vanderburg and Drips followed Jim Bridger and Fitzpatrick after the close of business at the summer's rendezvous, and came up with them on the Jefferson Fork. "They meant to hog things," struck in Price. "Jim and Bad Hand acted decent; they offered to divide up the kentry with them. But they wouldn't do it. So Jim and Bad Hand left that kentry to them and moved up to another place they knowed of. They figgered there was enough for everybody. And danged if them other two didn't show up thar a'ter a little!" "That made Bad Hand and Jim so mad they couldn't spit," George took up the recital. "So they sez to one another, if he wants to foller something, we'll gin him something to foller. And they starts out. And they sure led them a chase! Landed them finally into the Blackfeet kentry. The Blackfeet swarmed out and killed off Vanderburg, and that finished that! Fitz and Jim managed to git out of it; but they was attacked too on their way out, and Jim tuk him an arrow in the back, and he ain't been able to dig out the head yit: she's stuck in the gristle." "How about the Blackfeet?" Andy brought himself to inquire at last. "Those red imps of hell!" exploded Parker, but checked and spat embarrassedly. "I done forgit you're a Blackfoot man, Andy," he grinned shamefacedly. "If a man kain't cuss his friends, who can he cuss?" he submitted. "The Blackfeet? Wall, they're hostile yit to trappin' in their kentry. Bill Sublette made a round with nigh onto two hundred men. They was too many, so the Injuns didn't attackted them. They say the American Fur people is gitting to trade some with them up on the Marais. I dunno." "Two hundred men!" cried Andy. "Two hundred!&mdash;trapping in one party!" "Sure; that's the way they're doing things now. The days of us old lone wolves is about done. We hunt in packs now. Lookahere, Andy, while I tell you who was at Rendezvous this year. First of all they was us, of course I mean the old mountain men, Bill Sublette's company. Then they was the A. F. C. And then there was Wyeth." "I remember him," said Andy, "and his New Englanders. They were about as green and helpless a lot as I ever saw." "Who's he?" asked Andy. "I am in his employ," said Walker briefly, but volunteered nothing. "Well, so'm I," Parker laughed loudly, "so's Jack: and many another mountain man that you wouldn't think would be workin' for nobody but hisself. That's the way things is shaping." "The Rendezvous," Andy reminded him. "Oh, yes. Well, besides these they was another outfit yet, from St. Louee, got up by Bob Campbell, that had just come out to make a start. That was all the big outfits, but that was enough to one time. Then they was a couple dozen or so free trappers, us mountain men, that hadn't got hired yit. And one other outfit you wouldn't guess at not effn I let you guess from now to Christmas." "Then I won't try to guess," said Andy. "They was a feller that called hisself a cap'n too; but he was a Britisher. He knew something of the mountains," acknowledged George, "though I don't know whar he l'arned. But he had with him a party&mdash;say, yo're some on foofaraw yourself, Andy; but yore foofaraw's got some style to her. But this foofaraw these fellers had, why, it was just plumb funny! It'd make an Injun laugh. Funny pants; funny coats with more pockets than a leg has hairs; funny caps, some on 'em, with a front and a back roof to 'em&mdash;wall, you jist ought to have seed them. When they come ridin' in', with this yere Britisher leadin' the way with a two-shootin' rifle, you could have collected you a bushel of eyes by jist goin' round and knockin' 'em off us with a stick. And what you suppose they come for? For nothin'! They jist come to shoot game! No trappin', no tradin'&mdash;nothing with nothing in it for them. They was making nothing from it. Contrariwise they was payin' this Britisher to bring 'em! Now can you figger on that?" Andy's mind harked back to boyhood days, and breathless moments with the old Boone gun&mdash;larger than himself&mdash;steadied across a fence rail. He thought he could; but he did not say so. "Those were what they call sportsmen, George," Walker cut in dryly. "They were what I call crazy," said George, "and I bet the Injuns git 'em, or a mule rabbit bites 'em. I talked with one of 'em. He was proud as a bull ellick because he'd done clumb right to the top of some mountain or other, right above timber line, whar thar warn't even a whistler, let alone ary game. 'Why,' he tells me, 'I was the only man ever done it!' All them sportsmen seemed to think a lot of that. I was tellin' somethin' about that Hole I trapped in up beyont the Rocky Fork. 'Why;' sez one of them, 'Mr. Parker, you was the only man in that kentry, wasn't you?'" George's voice became a mincing falsetto. "'Hell,' sez I, 'that was no great shakes. I didn't even have a nigger to boss. I come within one man of bein' nobody.' That," he resumed after a moment, "is why John yere and I, and a passel of others, tuk up with Joe when he hired out to Cap'n Bonneville." "On account of the sportsmen?" asked Andy, amused. "On account of the way things is goin'. Why, Bad Hand went over to the Crow villages jist to ask 'em could he make his fall hunt in their kentry, like he always done&mdash;the Crows, mind you, that never bothered nobody yit, to amount to anything. And right off they tuk everything he had and turned him loose; robbed him clean. And a'terwards he found out they done it because the A.F.C. people hired 'em to do it. That's the way things are gittin' to be, If a man hires out to one company and then changes over next year to another company, chances is he is killed for doin' it. Ain't that right, Joe?" "It's a good deal so," admitted Walker. "The Indians are getting more and more demoralized by this attitude of the whites toward one another. And they are using a lot of liquor." "Makes me plumb sick," said Parker. "Gittin' so they in't room for a man to take exercise." For a time they smoked in silence, contemplating sadly the passing of the good old days. This was in the year 1833. The "explorers" were not to appear until another decade had passed. ANDY roused himself finally to inquiry of a more personal nature. Now Walker took up the story. Andy listened to a first-hand account of an expedition that has since become famous: the journey west from Salt Lake across the barren starving country&mdash;Andy nodded understandingly, for with Jedediah Smith he had made this trek; the headwaters of the Humboldt, down whose course they had followed hopefully, only to encounter disappointment when, instead of flowing on into the Pacific, as they had hoped, it ended in the "sink." Some trouble with the miserable Indians of the country. They were so ignorant they did not know the power of firearms. Had to be taught. "Some of the men got out of control," Walker confessed. "More were killed than I wanted." Usual starving times. They had killed their last buffalo on the fourth of August; they had eaten the last of the dried meat by the time they had reached the east side of the Sierra, two months later. Until they had crossed the great range they encountered no game bigger than a rabbit. They got along on the flesh of the emaciated and exhausted horses, which they shot. When the matter of subsistence was at its lowest, one of the party came upon an Indian carrying a basket. The Indian dropped the basket and fled. It contained acorns. Joe Walker talked at some length concerning the acorns. They were larger than those back East, he claimed, some of them as much as three inches long; and they tasted a lot better than any chestnuts you ever ate. For several moments he held forth; then checked himself with a laugh. "Reckon a diet of lean hoss meat didn't leave me much of a judge," said he. It took them nearly two weeks to struggle through the Sierra. Walker described in detail their difficulties. Andy did not realize until later years that he listened to the first description of Yosemite. But it was a hard country to get through; to get out of. At one place, failing any other way, they had to lower the horses over rock cliffs by ropes. "It was easier where I came over," submitted Andy, "but that was a little earlier in the season," he added. "I saw some pretty big ones where I crossed," said Andy. "Bigger than anything in the Rockies." "How big?" demanded Walker. "Must be at least eight foot through." "Some of these we saw was over twenty," stated Walker. Andy politely made no comment. But later in life he understood that he must have heard a first account of the Big Trees, probably the Merced or the Tuolumne groups. Two claims always aroused his indignation in after years: those of other "discoverers" of Yosemite, and the pretensions of the "explorers" and "pathfinders" who not only followed the routes of the mountain men, but were actually guided over them by the latter. At this moment, recalling the imposing proportions of the sugar and yellow pines through which he himself had passed, he allowed himself a silent reservation as to anything larger. After that, Walker said, there was little more trouble. They had found plenty of game. After a while they had reached salt water, the Bay of San Francisco. Here this Captain "Baggshaw" had been anchored. Acting on his advice they had turned south to Monterey&mdash; John Price raised his hand in emphatic warning. Walker bit off his sentence. Distinctly, but distantly, the sound of drumming hoofs became audible, a body of horse, coming in their direction and at full speed. With catlike agility the mountain men leaped to their moccasined feet, rifles in hand. All but Andy, who kept his place. "Just a bunch of these Californians going somewhere," he told his companions. "They always travel that gait, day or night." They looked at him doubtfully. "Yo're gittin' keerless, Andy," chided George Parker. "Fust thing you know you'll lose yore ha'r." Down through the trees, below the slope, shortly could be made out the glimpsed streaming mass of a considerable body of riders. Obviously their course would carry them far below the bivouac. The mountain men relaxed. "Ramón!" he shouted. "Over the mountains, as I did," said Andy. He turned to the Americans. "This is the man I was telling you about, my friend, Ramón Rivera. These are mountain men, Ramón: Joe Walker and George Parker and John Price." "You the one that fit the white b'ar with a sword?" asked George. Ramón glanced toward Andy with comical vexation. "Always he tell that foolishness!" "Yes, it was plumb foolish," agreed Parker candidly. "Leastwise, I wouldn't want to tackle it. But doggone if it didn't take nerve! Shake!" Ramón shook. Walker and Price stepped forward and with great solemnity grasped his hand. "What's up? Who's that with you?" asked Andy. Ramón did not immediately reply. He whistled shrilly. The horsemen, who had been waiting in the dimness below the hill, set their mounts in motion of approach. The mountain men viewed their approach uneasily. There were a great many of them. Left to themselves, they would never, in a strange country, have permitted this. But Andy understood their misgivings and reassured them with a muttered word. He himself was recognized with obvious surprise, but with as obvious pleasure. They shouted greetings to him and eyed with avid curiosity the strange and picturesque appearance of his three companions. "Sport?" repeated Andy, groping. "Nothing much yet," said Andy. "He is waiting for Cortilla to come back." Ramón nodded. "That is what they have come to get, for themselves and their party." "There are more?" "At San Juan," said Andy, "fifty or sixty of them." "So many! And what says Figueroa to that?" "They have not seen him yet. We shall go in tomorrow. These do not speak Spanish. I am to talk for them." The Americans looked at one another. "Is that fellow crazy?" George broke the silence at last. "He sure acts it." But Andy shook his head. "Crazy like an owl," said he loyally. Nevertheless, he was troubled. What mad prank was this? The situation was delicate enough as it was. FIGUEROA received them promptly, and with his customary politeness, though his eyebrows went up for a moment at sight of Andy. He listened to the request for permission to winter. "Why have they come to California?" he asked. Walker explained that, being instructed to explore the country to west of the Big Lake, the party had gone so far into the deserts that it could not return but was forced to push on over the mountains. This statement was not entirely ingenuous. From Jedediah Smith and others it was already sufficiently known that the areas west of Salt Lake were not beaver country. Indeed, several of the men, Joe Meek among them, had joined this expedition solely because it was headed toward the Pacific. Having crossed the Sierra, Walker added, it was obviously impossible to retrace their steps, now that the winter had set in. Therefore they begged permission to spend the season in California. Figueroa sat for some time drumming a forefinger on the polished table. "There are threescore of these men, you say?" he asked Andy finally. "Do they fight?" "You do not understand me," said Figueroa. "What I mean to ask is whether these threescore are all armed fighting men, like these before me." "They cannot cross the Sierra now," said Andy. "The way south is open, to Taos and Santa Fe," Figueroa pointed out. "Would it be unreasonable, after a short period of rest, to require them to take that route?" "You better tell him, Andy, that we're also prepared to see you get a fair deal, and that when we go we intend to take you along too," said Walker. At this moment the door was opened by an attendant, and Ramón entered the room. Figueroa turned toward him a frowning brow. "I am, as you see, occupied, señor," said he coldly. Ramón bowed profoundly. "It is not an intrusion, señor, as you suppose," said he. "I am Ramón Rivera, at your service. I speak well the language of these strangers. I may be of assistance." Figueroa eyed him steadily for some moments. "You are welcome, Don Ramón," he said at last, with the air of having come to a decision, "and I am pleased to make the acquaintance of another of your illustrious family. And," he added graciously, "to receive the benefit of your counsel in this affair." "At your command, my governor." said Ramón, bowing again. "And one of course obeys orders as a good servant of the government," observed Ramón. "&mdash;or to use the discretion that is undoubtedly mine and permit them to remain until spring, when they may return as they came." "A course which is, as you say, undoubtedly within your discretion as the personal representative of the Republic," supplemented Ramón. "It is my duty to consider all aspects which are to the advantage of our country," went on the governor. "Undoubtedly there are among these strangers many who possess skill in the crafts whose knowledge might prove valuable." "Undoubtedly, señor." Andy listened to this interchange with some bewilderment, for he sensed beneath its banality an undercurrent of some sort which he did not understand. Nor did certain incongruities escape him. Why should Figueroa ask advice of a young man whom but a moment ago he had set eyes on for the first time? A young man furthermore whose reputation must have been well known to him? But at this moment a confusion on the plaza outside drew the attention of all. Through the open window could be seen a great concourse of horsemen who paced slowly across the open space and came to a halt outside the governor's house. They were talking and shouting to one another, but as they drew rein the confusion steadied. Someone raised his voice in song. One by one others caught the air and joined in, until at last the chorus was lusty and full voiced. The three trappers glanced at one another startled. "Why!" cried George Parker. "That thar's the 'Trappers' Song,' or I'm a horny toad!" Andy nodded. "I taught it to them," he explained. "Wall, I wondered! But I don't git the cute of them words." Andy did not explain the cute of the words, which were, indeed, a celebration of himself as composed by that gay minstrel, Carlos Lugo, nor that this version was not known as the "Trappers' Song," but as the "Song of Don Largo." Figueroa listened, without expression, to the end. "Who are these young men?" he asked Ramón. "Undoubtedly the names of many of them should be known to me," suggested Figueroa. "Undoubtedly, señor." Ramón paused; then began slowly, one by one, as though calling a roll, to give their names&mdash;De la Cuesta, Lugo, Vallejo, Martinez, Salvatierra, De la Palma, Guitierrez&mdash;dozens and dozens more of singing syllables, on and on without pause for breath; and Figueroa listened attentively to the end. "Return?" said Figueroa. "Then you make a journey?" "We make a revolution," said Ramón lightly. A blank silence for a moment. "Revolution," then repeated Figueroa sternly, "What mean you by that word? Revolution against whom?&mdash;against what?" During these long colloquies in a strange language the three mountain men had waited stolidly. Now their curiosity got the better of them. "What's all the palaver, Andy?" they asked him apart. Andy shook his head. Beneath Ramón's light tones he thought to catch the clash of steel as though of rapiers engaging. "I can't make out," he replied in low tones. "Seems like Ramón is threatening him with a revolution if he don't let us be; but that don't make sense." "Well, with us to back him I bet we'd get up a right tidy little revolution," asserted George stoutly. "For a while," admitted Andy, "but that handful couldn't fight all California and Mexico. I hope Ramón isn't that foolish. And Figueroa doesn't look to me as if he scared easy. No, I feel there's something else behind it that I don't get." Nor did he get what followed. Suddenly Figueroa leaned back in his chair. Figueroa slowly drew toward him a sheet of paper, dipped the quill, painstakingly wrote a dozen words or so, signed his name with an elaborate flourish, sprinkled the wet ink with sand. A second sheet he likewise inscribed; and ac third. Then he looked up. After several seconds he handed one of the papers to Walker. "Tell him that is the permission he desires," he instructed Andy. He tinkled a silver bell, and to the clerk who answered it he passed the second of the papers. The clerk bowed and went out. "This is for you, señor," said Figueroa courteously to Andy. He arose from his chair. "At your service, señor," Ramón bowed. "In this as in all other things," he added. The governor bowed in return and, before the Americans could gather their wits to express their thanks, he had vanished through the small door that opened at his back. ANDY stared at the paper in his hand. He was slightly dazed. The thing was too suddenly and too simply resolved. He had the same feeling he had often experienced in the mountains when groping and lost in a fog. One moment he was involved in a situation so serious that to it he must devote all his craft and caution lest he be destroyed; the next, as though by magic, the mists had disappeared. Ever since his first appearance on the valley plains of California, the young man had lived under the shadow of a situation that looked impossible of resolution; He could see no way out. And all at once the way through opened, quietly, without the clang of melodrama. But with the bewilderment was also a warm glow of satisfaction that again the "hunch" on which he had persisted had held good. But still it was to him incredible. The paper Figueroa had signed was not merely a passport for a temporary visit: it was a permission to become a resident, should he be so inclined. Ramón, naturally, was elated and jubilant, as were the young men outside. It took Andy some time to extricate himself. He did so as soon as he could; for his mind was still unsatisfied. Walker and his companions early slipped away. "See you by and by, Andy," Walker told him, "when things are quieter." At length he and Ramón made their escape. They found Don Sylvestre and Alvarado in the patio, conversing, smoking, and obviously waiting for news. They listened to the young men's joint recital in silence, but with evident approval. "What is your opinion, Señor Alvarado?" asked Andy when they had finished. "My opinion? What should it be, except that all things have come out most fortunately for you&mdash;and for us all." "But why did the governor so suddenly change his mind?" "He did not change it; he made it up," said Alvarado. "But why?" "But surely!" cried Ramón. Alvarado laughed at the expression of stubborn doubt on Andy's face. Ramón too saw it, but Alvarado checked the young Californian's impatience. "No, I don't see it," disclaimed Andy, "but I feel it, and I want to know." Andy nodded. "And also that Figueroa seems to me a man who would not yield to threats," he supplemented. "Yes, that is simple and understands itself," agreed Don Sylvestre. "What is that?" asked Andy, as Alvarado paused. "I begin to see!" cried Andy. "Which I do not," grumbled Ramón. (Figueroa's policy as respects the Walker expedition has never been explained, save on the vague ground of friendliness to foreigners. This is not completely adequate in view of the strict treatment of Jedediah Smith a short time before, and the immediately following attitude of hostility to subsequent immigration. Yet this governor not only accorded permission to Walker to remain over the winter, but offered him a tract of land seven leagues square if he would remain in the country. Only the political situation above ventured seems to make this understandable.) The young men mounted. Both were in the wildest spirits. To the astonishment of the bystanders, unaccustomed to that boisterous type of demonstration, Andy pounded his friend on the back. "You turned the trick!" he cried, "you and the others! Let's find them! If it had not been for you&mdash;It was just what was needed-in the nick of time! It was a happy idea!" Ramón, for the moment, seemed wholly intent on defending his reputation for sanity. Andy was puzzled and a little dashed. "It was that Carmel," explained Ramón gloomily. "Carmel!" cried Andy. "You will tell me where you go!" the latter persisted. "No, I will not let you go until you do tell me!" "Well, what is it?" Ramón released the reins and sat back in his saddle with a sigh. "What is it?" repeated Andy, gathering his reins in impatience. This directness had its effect. Andy's face fell. "Not see her? What do you mean?" "Now you must listen: just for one minute you must listen!" pleaded Ramón. "You shall not see Carmel. I know my peoples. It is already a so-great escandal. Nothing like this has ever been before." "What are you driving at? Spit it out." Ramón shrugged in despair. How make this direct young savage understand in two sentences the elaborate, graceful, delicate fabric of etiquette and ceremony so rudely rent by the circumstances of the past few days? How make him understand that consequently those conventions would in reaction more rigidly obtain? He could not. So he stated bluntly the bare facts. "After what has occur," he told Andy, "it will not be permit that you talk with Carmel until you are engaged to be marry." "Well, what do you think I'm going there for?" demanded Andy. "But there is Papá!" expostulated Ramón. "Well, what about him?" Finally Andy was made to understand that this thing was not merely an affair of personal agreement between himself and Carmel; that Don Sylvestre must first of all give his formal permission for Andy to begin to pay his addresses, after which, in due and appropriate time&mdash; "Is that all!" cried Andy, and was gone in another cloud of dust, this time in the return direction toward Monterey. But he had no more than emerged from the fringe of pines above the town when he discovered his friend, still at full speed, returning headlong. This time, however, Andy pulled up as they met. "It's all right!" cried the latter joyously. "He consents." "How? I do not understand." Ramón was bewildered. "He says it's all right." "You ask my papá, and he says it's all right," repeated Ramón stupidly. "Just that?" Andy was gone. "That is all, Panchito. Do this at once." "Yes?" "I stood with Don Sylvestre receiving orders. Don Andres rode up at full speed. Without dismounting, he said to the master, 'Don Sylvestre, I wish to marry your daughter, Carmel.' Don Sylvestre answered him, 'That is well. God be with you, my son.' Then Don Andres rode away. That was all: no more, no less." "Why do you tell me this, Panchito?" said Ramón. "It occurs to me that the blessed saints have answered your prayers," said Ramón. The two men looked into each other's eyes. Then suddenly both burst out laughing. ANDY saw no reason why he should not marry at once. He was no longer in danger from the government since Figueroa had issued his permission to remain: Carmel loved him. It might have been natural for the latter to wish for delay enough to prepare for the elaborate wedding Andy understood all women desired; but, as a matter of fact, Carmel proved to be as impatient as himself. The greatest coquette of her time as long as her heart was untouched, she became utterly devoid of caprice now that she was genuinely in love. Only with difficulty was Andy brought to an understanding of how completely, up to now, he had overset all tradition, and that, really, there must be a line drawn somewhere. The Riveras, again with the exception of their youngest member, were quietly amused at his total lack of comprehension. Ramón finally begged permission to explain in English. "But what is the matter?" cried Andy. An enlightening idea came to him. He thought now he had it. It was stupid of him! Of course! He explained carefully to Don Sylvestre that in spite of appearances he was not without resources. In fact, he was well prepared to take care of a wife. He carried with him a not inconsiderable sum of money from the last Rendezvous. In addition he had with the Company, in St. Louis, a much larger credit, the balance of what had been due him, as well as the savings of his years in the mountain country. Through one of the returning Boston ships he would make arrangements for a transfer of this credit. Andy elaborated happily. He was amazed at his stupidity. Naturally, no sensible man would wish to confide his daughter to a man without resources. But he was still more amazed at Don Sylvestre's reception of this gratifying intelligence. The latter seemed to consider it wholly unimportant. He waved his hand. "But there is always plenty of money and plenty of land, my son," said he. Andy turned to Ramón in despair. "What more does he want?" he asked. Ramón was laughing. "Now, listen, soul of my heart," said he, "while I do tell you all the things you must do if you were Espanish man. First of all, you must ask the consent of the papá before you do speak to the esweetheart at all of the getting marry." "Well, I did that, didn't I?" "Two years!" repeated Andy blankly. "But say&mdash;look here&mdash;two years!" Andy's face was so eloquent of his dismay that the Riveras burst out laughing. "How long?" asked Andy. "Six months," said Don Sylvestre. The statement was obviously final. Carmel smiled ruefully at Andy. The child Faquita was still scornful. He rode, far in the rear, on a mule; and seemed placidly indifferent to the indignity. "You know more about the cattle business than I," he told his hosts. "Why, I think the governor will make no difficulty," said Don Sylvestre, "provided this man can show the governor he is valuable. What can he do?" "Do?" said Price, when this was translated. "Oh, a good many things." "The governor, I think, does not want many things,'" said Don Sylvestre shrewdly. "What can he do that no one now here can do?" This rather stumped John for a moment. "Doggone!" said he to Andy, "what kin I do? I reckon they don't need Injun fighters or beaver trappers. I tell you: I can make shingles." Andy had no Spanish word for this, so he repeated it in English. "Tzn-tzn-tzngles?" said Don Sylvestre. "And what is that?" "But where do they come from? Whom do I pay?" insisted Andy. "I don't understand," said Andy. "Why, these&mdash;they just lend them to you," said Ramón. He seemed incapable of understanding that this amounted after all to an outright gift of the increase. "But they get them all back," insisted Ramón. "What is lend a few cow? If someone ask you to borrow a few cattle, you would surely not refuse!" "They work anyway," said he. "What difference whether they work here or somewhere else?" Andy gave it up. The whole thing had passed out of his hands. He made one last despairing effort. "But how do I know to whom I am to return these 'borrowed' cattle and horses?" he demanded. "I ought to keep a list. How do I keep track?" "Oh, that all right," Ramón assured him comfortably. "You don't have to keep track. Each one will remember all right, and will tell you when it is time." "There are Indians, many of them, right here, Benito," returned Andy. "You shall see." He set the Indians to digging a ditch, so wide and so deep, that it must prove an effective barrier. Benito was filled with admiration. His last doubts vanished. "You are very lucky," he told Andy, "for you wait six month only, and already three are pass. I have still the year to wait, me." "I think it's all damn foolishness!" cried Andy angrily. "Don't they think I can be trusted?" But Andy was single hearted; a one-woman man, incapable of the lighter relaxations so natural to one like Ramón. Indeed, he did not even comprehend what Ramón was driving at; so Ramón shrugged and gave it up. "It seems," he confided to Panchito's wife, "that for a time I must resign myself to madness." "It were better if you were touched with a little of that madness yourself," said the privileged Vicenta. Ramón shrugged again. "I like better the ass that carries me than the horse that throws me," said he. Like all Californians, he would make Conchita a model husband&mdash;when the time came. "I think you may ask Ramón," said Doña Engracia. Ramón was chagrined that his friend had not thought of, had not known of las doñas; he was even more chagrined that he had himself overlooked the matter. So he bought one black and one white mantilla, and a piece of fine lace, three bright-colored Roman sashes, a comb of shell bound with gold, a rosary of amethysts, a necklace of topaz, a string of pearls from Baja California. "How big is your girl?" asked Phelps. "How big?" repeated Andy. "Yeh; how big around?" He was rummaging in a chest and now produced an armful of garments. Ramón was laughing at Andy's expression. "Take your pick," said he. "There's different sorts and different sizes." Andy stared at the dainty garments. He had never dreamed of anything quite like them. He turned helplessly to Ramón. "No, you must pick them," said Ramón, "it is ver' bad luck if anyone pick those but yourself." ANDY never knew how it happened; but suddenly the time of the wedding was at hand. The months had seemed interminable; he had been caught in an acquiescence of time that could never end. And it had ended! He came to realization of the fact belatedly, as one comes into daylight around the corner of a tunnel, almost with a sense of panic. There were so many things he had intended to do. Time had been too long: now it was too short. He had not even fulfilled his intention of a visit to the mountain men at San Juan Bautista. What must they think of him! What must he think of himself! He hastened to send a messenger with an urgent invitation to attend. And then, without intermission of journey or distance, as it seemed to Andy, they were dismounting before the grim and fortress-like structure dedicated to Nuestra Señora de la Soledad. Things happened like that: one moment here, the next moment there, at a leap, without time interval. Then next Andy was kneeling before the altar and Carmel beside him; and the stir and rustle of decorous multitudes back there in the incense-blued dimness; and before him shining spiritual as the moon the benign and lovely face of Father Seria. To right and left stood Faquita, Conchita de la Cuesta, Ygnacio and Felipe Rivera. They placed about the necks of the couple a silk tasseled cord&mdash;there were things said&mdash;there was music sounded&mdash;the newly married pair were standing before the doorway in the brilliant sunlight, and there was a great burst of musketry and shouting, and lively music struck up, and friendly people crowded about. All the company were mounting their horses. Andy found that on the return journey from the church he was to take Carmel before him on the saddle. As he sprang to the pillion behind her, she leaned back for an instant against his chest in a quick birdlike pressure of caress, then straightened to the grave and ceremonial dignity that befits the bride. Across the flower-starred plains the colorful procession moved. A little group of young men with musical instruments playing gay and lively airs preceded them for a few miles; then fell back to give place to others who converged on them from concealments in the willows along the route. Ramón touched him on the elbow. "She is prepare," he whispered. "Come." Together they entered the little ranch house. Carmel had changed from the pearly loveliness of the wedding garments to a riding costume. From beneath the wide straw hat, with its half-concealing sun cloth, her eyes stared wide and solemn, a little frightened. She looked more of a child than did the little girl standing at her side. An uprush of tenderness filled his throat. He swept her into his arms and kissed her on the mouth. For the briefest instant she clung to him, then pushed him away with a gasp. Faquita was staring at him with horrified eyes. Conchita uttered a small shocked exclamation. But Ramón uttered a crow of delight. He made as though to seize Conchita; and laughed at her scandalized expression. "But come; the day moves, and it is far to go. If you would arrive before sunset, you must go." Ramón surveyed him in comic despair. "No," confessed Andy sincerely. "Did you tell me that?" Andy grinned a little shame-facedly; then sobered. "Yes," he said, "I think I have been asleep. All my life I have been asleep. I have but now awakened." He looked steadily at Carmel. She made a little impulsive movement toward him. Their eyes clung together. Andy kissed him, before them all, and felt no Anglo-Saxon shame. They mounted. There was a moment's pause. Andy looked from one to the other of their friendly faces. His eyes stopped on the figure of the child, standing near his stirrup. It seemed to him a little forlorn. On a sudden impulse he leaned over and raised her bodily from the ground, pressing her close to him and kissing her on the cheek. "Now you are my little sister, remember!" he whispered, and set her down again. Her face was shining. Don Sylvestre raised his hand. They bowed their heads. He blessed them. Doña Engracia was crying softly. They rode away down the slope. Panchito followed. The people fluttered their hands. "Go with God!" they cried. "Go with God!" "Nothing," replied Andy fervently; but deep within was the small remote pain, like a pin prick, or a burr, that one can ignore, but which nevertheless persists. They traveled slowly; that is, according to Californian standards, cantering for a mile or so at a time, then falling to the steady shuffling Spanish trot. They were wholly absorbed in one another. It was Panchito who spurred alongside respectfully to call attention to a strange cavalcade surmounting a hill a quarter mile or so to their left. They pulled their horses to a halt. Andy shook his head, unable to answer. After a moment he found his voice. "The mountain men," he shouted joyously. "I am a little frightened," confessed Carmel. "They look so wild!" Andy laughed, and in his laughter there was a lilt of pride. "I was exactly like that when I came to California," said he. "If they are like you, then I am not frightened," said Carmel. Their hands stole together and clasped briefly with quick pressure. George Parker rode at their head. He shook Andy gravely by the hand. "Good luck to you, Andy," said he. He bowed, a little awkwardly, to Carmel, eyeing her flushed face with veiled curiosity and admiration. "Howdy, Missus Burnett," said George. "You got ye a good man." He reined his horse aside to give way to the next behind him. One by one they passed before the bridal couple, austere, silent, grave. Each clasped Andy's hand; each made his bow to Carmel. It was a ceremony, a serious ceremony. Except for the curt greetings and the formal good wishes, no other word was spoken. They sat their horses unsmiling, like graven images. But after the last horseman had made his bow, the formality broke. George Parker, and a few of the bolder men who had known Andy in the Rockies, crowded about the pair. The rest chatted low voiced to one another covertly devouring the Spanish girl with their eyes. "We figgered to cut you off about here," said George. "Had to see you and wish you luck, Andy." "Why didn't you come to the wedding?" Andy wanted to know. "Didn't you get my message?" "We got the message, all right," said George, "and much obleeged. We did think some of coming; but the boys talked it over, and we figgered we wouldn't do you too proud with your new people, and mebbe we'd better not." "Nonsense!" cried Andy heatedly. "I reckon my friends are good enough for anybody." "I reckon ary American's good enough for ary of these yere&mdash;" began Parker in cool level tones; then bethought himself that these were now Andy's people and broke off. "It wasn't that, Andy," said he, "but we figgered if we went to the celebration we'd shore git drunk." "I'd like you to see my place," persisted Andy. "You can camp in the bottom of the creek, if you insist; and we can kill a beef, and&mdash;" "We seen your place," George interrupted him. "We rode up thar yisterday for a look-see. She's a fine place. No, we got to be gittin' back. Cap'n Walker aims to pull out. He'd a-come himself, but he's busy gittin' a good ready. Told me to tell you." They set their horses in motion and the strange procession proceeded for a mile or so on its way. Then Parker called a halt. They turned off the trail, amid a chorus of farewells. Andy watched them go. His eyes were misted. Something in him was accompanying them. It tugged at his heart. On the skyline they stopped, raised their long rifles at arm's length. A scattering volley rang out. The skyline was empty. Carmel's hand was on his arm. He wrenched his gaze from the empty horizon to meet her eyes. "I like them," she said. "They are strong. It is that which made me love you, the strength and the wildness. So you must ever be. Promise! Promise!" Vicenta enveloped Carmel in a vast embrace. "You too are with us, Panchito?" cried Carmel. Carmel's eyes were shining. "Panchito first taught me to ride," she told Andy, "and Vicenta to walk! And Benito! Benito," she repeated affectionately, "has made me to love all things. Is it not wonderful?" "Wonderful indeed," said Andy. "Where did that come from?" He turned to Vicenta, who stood behind them, glowing with pride. By the window stood a rocking chair of the type known in the East as the "Boston Rocker." "Sit in it, Carmel," said Andy. She flung aside her sun hat and did so; and began to rock, gurgling joyously like a child, for rocking chairs were a novelty in the California of that day. But shortly she looked up. Andy aroused himself and smiled at her reassuringly. "Nothing is the matter, dear one," said he. "My mind was remembering." "Another woman who sat in just such a chair, by another window, and rocked back and forth quickly just as you are doing now." "Was she beautiful, this woman?" asked Carmel. "Very beautiful," said Andy gravely. "She was a very great lady, Carmel, and she loved me very much; so much that she gave me that long rifle standing there against the wall and sent me away from her forever." Carmel had stopped rocking. "And why did she do this, your so-beautiful one?" she demanded. "That I might live true to my blood, she said; for my forebears did great things in the wilderness. I too was to do great things." Andy sighed. "I do not know&mdash;but it has brought me here; and to you, darling." But Carmel, continued to sit stiffly upright in the motionless rocking chair. "And you did never see her again?" she asked. "She died, that very year." "But still you love her?" "You think I am foolish," said Andy. Simultaneously they became aware of Vicenta smiling in the background and drew apart in a slight confusion. "Presently, when we have washed," replied Carmel, with dignity. "But what is this?" She fluttered like a bird to the other end of the room where, against the wall, and hitherto unremarked, stood a gay and remarkable object. It was composed of beautiful aromatic smoke-tanned buckskin, stretched over a light frame, ornamented elaborately with beadwork, colored quills and little bells; a wonderful piece of craftsmanship. Carmel examined it curiously, for she could not guess its purpose. "It is a baby basket," explained Andy, laughing, "such as the Indians of the plains and the mountains use. The women carry it on their backs." Andy unfolded the paper. THEY had eaten, and Vicenta had cleared away the dishes. After a time. Andy extinguished the candles. The room fell into the silver and black of moonlight patterned through the windows by the trees. They talked little, overtaken by a sudden breathless shyness. "It is very late," said Andy at last. Carmel arose without reply and glided to the bedroom door.