 It is by no means enough that an officer of the navy should be a capable mariner. He must be that, of course, but also a great deal more. He should be as well a gentleman of liberal education, refined manners, punctilious courtesy, and the nicest sense of personal honour&hellip; The naval officer should be familiar with the principles of International Law, and the general practice of Admiralty Jurisprudence, because such knowledge may often, when cruising at a distance from home, be necessary to protect his flag from insult or his crew from imposition or injury in foreign ports. He should also be conversant with the usages of diplomacy, and capable of maintaining, if called upon, a dignified and judicious diplomatic correspondence; because it often happens that sudden emergencies in foreign waters make him the diplomatic as well as the military representative of his country, and in such cases he may have to act without opportunity of consulting his civic or ministerial superiors at home, and such action may easily involve the portentous issue of peace or war between great powers. These are general qualifications, and the nearer the officer approaches the full possession of them the more likely he will be to serve his country well and win fame and honours for himself. Coming now to view the naval officer aboard ship and in relation to those under his command, he should be the soul of tact, patience, justice, firmness, and charity. No meritorious act of a subordinate should escape his attention or be left to pass without its reward even if the reward be only one word of approval. Conversely, he should not be blind to a single fault in any subordinate, though, at the same time, he should be quick and unfailing to distinguish error from malice, thoughtlessness from incompetency, and well-meant shortcoming from heedless or stupid blunder. As he should be universal and impartial in his rewards and approval of merit, so should he be judicial and unbending in his punishment or reproof of misconduct. In his intercourse with subordinates he should ever maintain the attitude of the Commander, but that need by no means prevent him from the amenities of cordiality or the cultivation of good cheer within proper limits. Every Commanding Officer should hold with his subordinates such relations as will make them constantly anxious to receive invitations to sit at his mess-table, and his bearing towards them should be such as to encourage them to express their feelings to him with freedom and to ask his views without reserve. It is always for the best interests of the Service that a cordial interchange of sentiments and civilities should subsist between superior and subordinate officers aboard ship. Therefore, it is the worst of policy in superiors to behave towards their subordinates with indiscriminate hauteur, as if the latter were of a lower species. Men of liberal minds, themselves accustomed to command, can ill brook being thus set at naught by others who, from temporary authority, may claim a monopoly of time and sense for the time being. If such men experience rude, ungentle treatment from their superiors, it will create such heartburnings and resentments as are nowise consonant with that cheerful ardour and ambitious spirit that ought ever to be characteristic of officers of all grades. In one word, every Commander should keep constantly before him the great truth, that to be well obeyed he must be perfectly esteemed. But it is not alone with subordinate officers that a Commander has to deal. Behind them, and the foundation of all, is the crew. To his men, the Commanding Officer should be Prophet, Priest, and King. His authority when off shore being necessarily absolute, the crew should be as one man impressed that the Captain, like the Sovereign, "can do no wrong." This is the most delicate of all the Commanding Officer's obligations. No rule can be set for meeting it. It must ever be a question of tact and perception of human nature on the spot and to suit the occasion. If an officer fails in this, he cannot make up for such failure by severity, austerity, or cruelty. Use force and apply restraint or punishment as he may, he will always have a sullen crew and an unhappy ship. But force must be used sometimes for the ends of discipline. On such occasions the quality of the Commander will surely be most sorely tried&hellip; When a Commander has, by tact, patience, justice, and firmness, each exercised in its proper turn, produced such an impression upon those under his orders in a ship of war, he has only to await the appearance of his enemy's topsails upon the horizon. He can never be sure of victory over an equal or somewhat superior force, or honourable defeat by one greatly superior. Or, in rare cases sometimes justifiable, he may challenge the devotion of his followers to sink with him alongside the more powerful foe, and all go down together with the unstricken flag of their country still waving defiantly over them in their ocean sepulchre. No such achievements are possible to an unhappy ship with a sullen crew&hellip; I can best stress the importance of the U.S. Navy to the American people when I state that without sea power on our side the United States would never have become a nation, would not have continued to exist as a nation, and even more specifically would not have won the great World War just so successfully concluded. The destruction of British commerce by our commerce raiders, plus the timely control of the Chesapeake Bay by the French Fleet that made Washington's victory at Yorktown possible, insured our independence. Our similar destruction of British commerce in the War of 1812, plus our naval victories on Lake Erie and Lake Champlain, forced Britain to concede us an equal peace without the great loss of territory which at first seemed inevitable. Our Navy's blockade of the Southern Confederacy and control of the river highways into the heart of the South tore the Confederacy to pieces and preserved the Union. Our naval victories in the Spanish-American War were the greatest factor in winning that war. The combined sea power of the United States and Great Britain in the first World War made possible our tremendous army in Europe which turned the tide of victory for the Allies. And in the recent war the Navy repeated the identical job in Europe and a the same time crushed the Japanese Navy and brought about the surrender of Japan while Army and Air Forces were still largely intact. Sea power is not the combat Navy alone, but also includes merchant ships, bases, naval air power&mdash;all the things that allow a country to gain control of the sea for its own purposes and to deny that use of the sea to the enemy. In its essence you can call it "Our Navy." And the purpose of this history is to tell the story of that Navy. By its attack on Pearl Harbor Japan attempted to erase the greatest threat to her hoped-for-victory&mdash;our Navy. And that attack, demobilizing for a year or more our most powerful warships through bomb and torpedo damage, was a terrible blow. It left Japan with a superior navy in the Pacific, even though [if] we brought all our remaining ships from the Atlantic to help&mdash;something we could not do because of our other enemies on the Atlantic side, the Axis Powers of Europe. In that trying time our President formed for the first time that unique organization for directing all our military effort&mdash;the organization of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. The joint Chiefs of Staff was composed of the Chief of Staff of the Army, the Chief of Naval Operations of the Navy, the Commanding General of the Army Air Forces, and the Chief of Staff of the President (Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy). Meeting together in Washington, those four men, with the help of their own service staffs, coordinated and directed the whole course of our military operations: the Battle of the Atlantic, the invasion of Africa, Italy, France, and Germany, the vast battle of the Pacific with all its numerous operations&mdash;the Coral Sea, Midway, Guam, Saipan conquest of the Philippines, the Battles of the Philippine Sea and Leyte Gulf that broke the Japanese Fleet&mdash;the blockade by air, submarine, and surface ships that strangled Japan&mdash;Okinawa, and the final bombing of Japan that shattered the last remnants of japan's will to resist. In the joint Chiefs of Staff each member had an equal voice, and no plan could be made or put into effect without the common consent of all four members. Each man on it was an expert in his own field, and not until his agreement was obtained that a thing could be or should be done was that thing attempted. Frequently proposals were made that did not obtain that unanimous approval&mdash;there was not a member who at one time or another did not advocate things that would have been great mistakes. When, as on some few occasions, a dead-lock occurred on a vital matter, the decision was made by the President after hearing the proponents and the opponents. But always decisions were made, and those decisions proved correct. When once a decision was made, the plan was turned over to be executed by that member whose branch of the service was best fitted to carry it out. If it was primarily an Army job, like the invasion of Europe, it was placed under Army supervision, and the Army commander on the spot, like General Eisenhower, was in complete control not only of the Ground forces but of the Naval forces and the Air forces that were necessary to convoy the troops, crack open the beachhead, land the troops, and then see that they were safeguarded from enemy attack. A similar instance was the invasion of the Philippines where, as it was primarily an Army ground forces job, General MacArthur was in supreme command, and the Navy and Air forces gave their support. Conversely if it was primarily a Naval job, like the operations of Midway, Kwajalein, Guam, Saipan, Iwo Jima, and Okinawa, the Navy's Admiral Nimitz was in overall command, even though Army divisions and Air Force planes supported him in doing that job. Another function of the Joint Chiefs of Staff was coordinating our war effort with those of the other United Nations&mdash;chiefly with Great Britain, but also with Russia, China, Canada, Australia and New Zealand, Holland, the South American Republics, etc. Our Joint Chiefs of Staff worked closely with the military leaders of all those other nations and developed the plans for the combined attack of all the United Nations on the Axis enemy. The part of the U.S. Navy alone in this war was stupendous. And I wish here to acknowledge our debt not only to the men and women of the United States Navy, Marine Corps, Coast Guard, and their several Women's Reserves, but also to all those innumerable civilians who aided the Navy's war effort. The day after Pearl Harbor our Navy's position in the Pacific was extremely grave. The bulk of our major ships had been put out of commission for a year; only our small Asiatic Fleet under Admiral Hart in the Philippines and portions of the Pacific Fleet that had been absent from Pearl Harbor on the day of the attack were in fighting condition in the Pacific. Even Hawaii might be attacked and overrun at any moment. And in the Atlantic the Axis submarines were destroying a tremendous tonnage of our shipping within sight of our very shores. Then, even at the lowest of the war tide, the decision was made, and correctly: first fight for time, especially in the Pacific&mdash;and then assemble the might to conquer first Italy and Germany, and then inevitably Japan must succumb. It was a difficult decision. Japan swept through Malaya to Singapore, then overran Burma; she battered at the Philippines; she overran the Dutch East Indies, and threatened Australia and New Zealand and even India itself. Distressful though it was, it was realized immediately that with our Pacific Fleet shattered, and no western Pacific bases left to operate from, we could give no help either to our Army in the Philippines or our Allies in Singapore&mdash;we could not even evacuate them. But our little Asiatic Fleet fell back, sacrificing themselves in innumerable battles against overwhelming enemy forces until only the remnants staggered into Australian ports. But they had gained time. And instead of challenging our enfeebled forces in American waters and attacking Hawaii, Alaska, and Panama, or cutting our supply lines in those waters, the Japanese Navy wasted time in serving as a mere adjunct to the Army in its land conquest. But our shipyards, our ordnance plants, our scientists were working. Radar was perfected, new sonic devices invented, planes and warships built by the thousands, escort carriers and landing craft constructed, and millions of men recruited and trained in all forms of fighting and war effort. The escort carrier, the destroyer, radar and other electronic devices defeated and then smashed the submarine menace. Our Navy transported and safeguarded the invasion forces to Africa and Europe, and then smashed the enemy beachheads to afford them a landing. Our still small forces in the Pacific turned back the threat to our lifeline to Australia at the Coral Sea battle, and then drove the first entering wedge into the Japanese conquered empire at Guadalcanal. At Midway we hurled back the first real Japanese threat at Hawaii, Alaska, and the West Coast. Our ever growing Navy and Marine Corps, and Naval Flying Forces bombed and then seized the stepping stone islands&mdash;Tarawa, Kwajalein, Guam, Saipan. We guarded the landings that reconquered the Philippines, our carrier forces seized control of the air everywhere it was needed, and our Fleet broke the back of the Japanese Navy in the great naval battles of the Philippine Sea and of Leyte Gulf. Our submarines destroyed the majority of the Japanese merchant marine, as well as innumerable Japanese naval combat ships. When we seized Okinawa, we seized a point just off Japan from which we could, and did, destroy the remnants of the Japanese Navy and bomb the Japanese homeland into final submission&mdash;a submission that would inevitably have come anyway from the strangling blockade we had thrown around Japan. With a greater army and more planes than she had at the time of Pearl Harbor, Japan surrendered because with the destruction of her Navy and merchant marine she could not obtain from outside those necessities without which Japan could not even live, much less fight. Nor is the Navy content to rest on its present laurels. Long a leader in invention and research, our Navy is already studying new weapons, new methods&mdash;the atomic bomb and guided missiles, for instance. Whatever new weapons, or defenses against new weapons, science can develop, the U.S. Navy intends to incorporate them into itself, to make sure that the Navy shall always be strong enough to perform its historic function of defense of our own country and of offense against enemy countries. It is to be hoped that every American will exert his effort and influence to see that that goal is achieved&mdash;that the U.S. Navy will always remain, as it is today, the world's greatest sea power. From its inception the U.S. Navy has been a servant of the nation, defending broad national interests no less than our extensive shores. Too weak during the Revolution to cope with Britain's vast armadas, our little Continental Navy strove principally to support our Army with sorely needed supplies by convoying friendly merchantmen or capturing enemy supply ships. However our few naval ships, commanded by such daredevils as John Paul Jones, John Barry, and Lanbert Wickes, aided by reckless American privateers, attacked Britain even in her own homewaters, and their raids on British shipping were a strong force in causing Britain to acknowledge our independence. Sea power itself, in the shape of the French Navy, did however have a conclusive role in the war by helping Washington's land armies bottle up Cornwallis at Yorktown in what was the decisive battle of the war. Interference with our rapidly expanding commerce was the main cause of our next three wars&mdash;the undeclared war with France beginning in 1798, the war with the Barbary pirates beginning in 1801, and the War of 1812 with Great Britain. In all three wars the U.S. Navy amply justified its existence. Our frigate Constellation defeated two French frigates in 1799 and 1800, our Mediterranean squadron under Commodore Preble vanquished Tripoli, and by naval display of force we compelled Tunis to make terms. Against Great Britain our Navy, as during the Revolution, was vastly outnumbered, but our naval ships and privateers again exerted a tremendous effect. Though Washington was captured and burned, a British invasion of New York from Canada was halted by our naval victory under Commodore Macdonough on lake Champlain, and in similar fashion Commodore Oliver Hazard Perry saved the west by his triumph on Lake Erie. Only our naval successes in this war saved us from harsh terms at the peace table. During the ensuing fifty years, our Navy's contribution was mainly that of commerce protection, extending our commercial relations abroad, and scientific exploration. The U.S. Navy exterminated piracy in the West Indies, and protected our commerce from the Mediterranean to China and the Philippines. On an official Naval exploration expedition, Commodore Wilkes, USN, discovered the Antarctic Continent and collected much commercial and scientific information. Commodore Wilkes's explorations were a forerunner to those of Admiral Robert E. Peary, who discovered the North Pole in 1909, and of Admiral Richard E. Byrd, who flew over both the North and South Poles. Lieutenant Matthew F. Maury, USN, began those scientific studies which originated the present great sciences of oceanography and meteorology. Combining diplomacy and force, Commodore Kearny opened China and Commodore Perry Japan to American trade. During the Mexican War our Navy was almost entirely responsible for the conquest of California. The tragic Civil War found many American naval officers "going south" to serve in the Confederate Navy. Their resourcefulness in pioneering new weapons such as the submarine, the ironclad, and the submarine mine was amazing, but the far stronger Federal Navy with its blockade strangled the Confederacy; its ships on inland waters cut the Confederacy into sections, and gave the Federal Armies the naval support necessary for the success of Grant's amphibious operations and other great land campaigns. In the Spanish-American War our Navy overwhelmed the Spanish fleets in short order. Admiral Sampson's victory at Santiago freed Cuba and gave us Porto Rico; Dewey's victory at Manila made us an Asiatic power with the Philippines in our keeping. During World War I, the German Navy was so securely "contained" by the British that our naval task was mainly that of convoying our troops to Europe and guarding against enemy U-boat and surface raiders. The attack on Pearl Harbor, December 7, 1941, plunged us into World War II which saw our fleets move and support our Armies to help crush the Axis in Europe and, almost singlehanded, crush the Japanese Navy and bring Japan to ultimate surrender. On V-J day Japan's Navy had practically ceased to exist. The U.S. Navy today is the pre-eminent sea-air power of the world. It is to be hoped that the American people will never permit it to decline from that secure position. From that moment, however, Japan began to progress. By 1894 she had modern industries and a modern navy with which she easily defeated China thereby acquiring Formosa, and she even looked longingly at the Philippines and other islands to the south. In the Civil War the Federal Government retained almost all of the ships of the U.S. Navy, but many crack Southern naval officers joined the Confederacy, where with their inventive skill they tried to perfect new secret weapons. On March 8, 1862, the Confederate ironclad ram Virginia, better known as the Merrimac, sank two of the finest Union warships at Hampton Road and threatened to destroy others. But next day the North's own version of the ironclad, the famous turreted Monitor, appeared and fought the Merrimac to a draw. On the Mississippi, fleets of converted river steamboats fought a battle of ramming as well as gunfire; Union victory here destroyed the last Confederate hope of defending the inland rivers. In such a way Teddy Roosevelt referred to this Cuban episode in the Spanish-American War. It was the landing of the U.S. Army forces at Siboney, five miles east of Santiago, Cuba. Peculiar to this incident was the army's total dependence upon naval landing force technique at transporting the troops ashore. General Shafter, Commander of the U.S. Army troops, said without naval assistance "he could not have landed in ten days and perhaps, not at all." Most of the troop transports, which were minus naval officers, could not be induced to come within reasonable distance of the shore and the disembarkation could hardly have been accomplished without naval supervision and provision of forty Navy boats and twelve steam launches. Most of the troops were put ashore within two days. Fortunately the landing was entirely unopposed. Naval artillery covered the disembarkation, but, all though it was present in subsequent Army operations, it was not needed. As a result of Spanish atrocities in Cuba, the Spanish American War broke out in April, 1898. An American Army was formed to invade Cuba, and American naval squadrons were sent to blockade the island and to support the troop landings. Spain's best fleet under Admiral Cervera barely slipped into the fortified harbor of Santiago, Cuba, before it was blockaded there by the American naval forces under Admiral Sampson and Commodore Schley. On the morning of July 3 Cervera's fleet tried to escape to the westward. The American battleships and cruisers immediately moved into action, and the running battle lasted for fifty miles along the coast. But within three hours the entire Spanish fleet was destroyed. As the Spanish Asiatic Fleet had already been sunk, Spain asked for terms. American sea power had won the war within 100 days. And even the United States, determined though she was to avoid war, heard, and began to prepare for any eventuality. Keep out of war she would if she could, but with war enflaming the world she must look to her defenses. The first step taken in this line was to strengthen the Navy, always the nation's first line of defense. On September 8 the President declared a limited national emergency and authorized the recall to active duty of the officers, men, and nurses on the retired and reserve lists of the Navy and Marine Corps. By this step the authorized enlisted personnel of the Navy was automatically increased from 131,485 to 191,000. Unready but unafraid, the British accepted the war, that, by their treaties, was automatically thrust upon them by Hitler's invasion of Poland. Some, even with bags already packed for mobilization, listened solemnly, almost curiously to the war proclamation that applied alike to King and Commoner. Others, more excited, crowded in a milling throng around the front of Number Ten Downing Street, home of Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain. At 11 A.M., Sunday, September 3, 1939 Britain was officially at war with Germany. The war of 1812 consisted of many spectacular encounters between American and British vessels of war. Trenches along the Harbor of Schemingue, Holland, dug as that peaceful country got ready for the event of war. A Nazi soldier examines the litter of abandoned ration boxes and uniforms alongside a truck in territory retaken by the Germans. Weisbaden, Germany. The Armistice Commission that arranged the carrying out by France of the German terms is shown here in their first session. The humiliation of France was complete. A good many Americans, however did not appreciate the extent of the suffering and destruction borne by Londoners with typical British fortitude. It was difficult for New Yorkers or San Franscians or Texans to visualize how an enemy's bombs could disrupt the familiar organization of any city's life. Pictures like this one gave us an idea of what we might suddenly have to face some night. If a bomb missed your house, as in this picture (see crater below), its concussion could still kill you or at least make you homeless. And there was little humor in finding a double-decker bus in your living-room. But the British people carried on, undaunted. Here is a typical morning scene where crews have already cleared the obstructions to transportation. Sea power means more than fleets of ships and swarms of planes. It means men&mdash;trained to fight with the ships and planes; repair, supply, maintain them; plan strategy and tactics, outwit the enemy and detect the enemy's plans, and search along the frontiers of scientific research for new combat devices and new techniques. Trained manpower is the most scarce and most valuable element in the formula of naval power&mdash; and the most difficult to obtain readily in sufficient quantities. Even in the future of scientific miracles when perhaps a push-button Navy might become possible, a multitude of men still would be required to maintain, repair and supply the delicate instruments which would control the new-fangled missiles and ghost ships. And at least some men would be needed to push the many-colored buttons! A modern Navy in war or peace is a vast and complex organization of warships, auxiliaries, planes, ports, harbors&mdash;from hulking aircraft carriers manned by thousands, to tiny PT boats, from teeming Navy yards deafening with the roar of industry to the lonely quiet of island outposts sending out an electronic pulse beat to guide some ship or plane to safety. For such a sprawling, intricate machine is required a multitude of skills and crafts, brains and brawn: machinists, metalsmiths, radarmen, signalmen, boatswain's mates, and just ordinary seamen to perform the many jobs required to keep the machine operating effectively. Also needed are qualified officers to lead the men, supervise their activities and training, and administer the Navy's operations. And these leaders must have the personal qualities of character and executive ability, general knowledge and understanding to be able to handle men under the cramped and trying living conditions on fighting ships. In peacetime training men for the Navy can afford a leisurely, careful, thoroughgoing process with time available for theory, minute details and niceties of naval customs and traditions. But in the headlong rush of wartime, training must be telescoped, concentrated, packed hard and delivered fast, taking advantage of every shortcut, cutting away every peacetime frill. In the recent war, the Navy training program had to be accelerated and expanded simultaneously to supply almost overnight the men needed to man the ships, planes and other Naval weapons. At one time eleven ships were coming from the yards daily&mdash;ready for action. Supply depots, repair bases, and advanced bases. were mushrooming in a globe-wide expansion of the United States Navy. The Navy's training mission was to draw more than three million Americans from their civilian occupations and transform them rapidly into seamen, gunner's mates, air gunners, combat air crewmen, firemen, armed guardsmen, signalmen, Seabees, bomb disposal experts, radar-men, amphibians, chemical warfare experts, ship repairmen, photograph interpreters, ordnance men, sonar-men, and damage control experts, and 500 other specialties. Aviation training presented such a tremendous undertaking that a separate program was created to fulfill the Navy's mission to become absolute masters of the air. To accomplish this task, the Navy trained 60,000 pilots, 360,000 air technicians, 3,000 air navigators, and 45,000 combat air-crewmen. To service carrier based and land based planes, over 150 units, such as overhaul units and carrier service units were staffed, trained and sent to forward combat areas. It was a comparatively simple move to take trained or skilled men and assign them tasks closely related to their civilian jobs. Stenographers became yeomen after brief training. Carpenters became Seabees after learning how to defend what they were building. But for the mass of men who had to be taught entirely new skills the training job became a monumental program, the success of which was attested to by the defeat of the Axis powers. Training men for the Navy is a three-ply program: Newcomers to the Navy are first introduced to military life. Enlisted men are taught to live, work, and fight together. This basic education is known as recruit training&mdash;an intensive period of drills and lectures lasting from 8 to 12 weeks. For officers, this basic course is provided by Naval Reserve, Midshipmen, and indoctrination schools. After this basic training, officers and men usually are sent to sea or to specialty schools where they are instructed in definite skills or the fundamentals of the naval profession. Enlisted trade schools are operated on the highest educational standards. The finest of equipment, textbooks, training aids, and skilled guidance are supplied. Advanced officers' schools train Naval officers in special skills or technical knowledge, such as radar, gunnery, and communications. They are trained as administrators of high technical ability who must learn how to integrate the tasks of many technicians operating in many different fields. Beyond this advanced training, officers and men are sent to Fleet Operational Training Commands where they are organized into tactical units for more extensive instruction. From this course they board their ships for combat operations. As many as a quarter of a million officers and men at one time have undergone basic training during the war. About 80 per cent of these went to the Fleet training commands, and the other 20 per cent direct to the Fleet. The training program derives its original strength from the mature and experienced petty officers and chiefs, and from professional Navy officers usually trained in the Naval Academy. With this nucleus of enlisted men and officers carefully schooled during peacetime, the Navy's training program shifts to a wartime basis by rapid pyramiding. The educational program is directed from the Training Activity of the Bureau of Naval Personnel. Policies, standards, curricula, and textbooks stem from this central source. With the coming of war, training courses were streamlined, abbreviated, slimmed down to bare essentials. Experienced educators were brought in from the nation's leading universities and schools to help formulate the program and engage in the actual instruction. Classroom facilities were established at a double-quick rate&mdash;in traditional halls of learning, in hastily built structures, in drafty piers, in seaport warehouses, and on every ship. Classes were held formally in the usual schoolroom manner or informally in mess rooms, on decks, around a 20mm gun, anywhere possible. There was nothing cut or dried about this training. It was given whenever it could be arranged, sandwiched in between periods of combat and ship maintenance. And even during combat, the learning process continued, often most effectively. Every educational device, either long tried or in the experimental stage, was employed to train the men faster and better. Visual aids were used, such as moving pictures and slides, simply written and cartoon illustrated books, mock-up models of ship and instruments, actual models, blackboard talks, bull sessions, special teaching devices like the attack teacher for anti-submarine warfare, miniature layouts of navigational aids, etc. Basically, Navy men learned by doing, by repeating the same motions and mental processes until they became almost reflex actions. Under the stress of battle, what was imperative was the prompt decision, the quick execution of previously well-rehearsed maneuvers. The Navy's training program during the recent war period has revealed significantly that American men from all walks of life can be welded rapidly into a fighting team, that they can absorb unfamiliar knowledge and skills under high pressure and intensive instruction, and that they can employ the newest technical knowledge in effective operation of the latest weapons to win a war. They were trained in the Arts of War by the most modern and complete system of training aids, special devices that helped them learn to distinguish between friendly and enemy aircraft, to save their lives if they should be marooned at sea, to do their jobs in the Fighting Fleet. In a matter of weeks the farmer, the machinist, the student, and the storekeeper had been forged into a fighting body of men, disciplined, well trained, and ready to carry out their share of the fighting. In coastal shipyards the race to produce more, faster, better armed and armored ships became hotter and hotter. Battleships, which normally took 38 months to build, were ready to fight in 30 to 32 months. Carriers, the mainstay of our war time fleet, were built in 16 months, less than half of the time required during peacetime years. Submarines and destroyers slid down the ways in "impossible" time. The giant that is America was awakened to the dangers that surrounded her, prepared to meet any and all aggressors. A radio controlled target drone (TDD-2) takes off from a ship's catapult under a reduced charge. It is then flown over the task force to give all the anti-aircraft gunners of the fleet a warm up for impending battles and to keep their skill at a high level. Wave mechanics cross the field at the naval air station where they are stationed. Before long there were few jobs in the maintenance and repair of planes that were not being performed by women. The United States had already challenged that threat by its Lend-Lease aid, its occupation of Iceland to forestall possible German invasion, and its naval patrol of northern hemispheric waters east to Greenland. The Axis dictators should have recognized the importance of the Charter Meeting. Equally dangerous were collisions with giant icebergs drifting down from the mighty glaciers of Greenland. On the convoy ship's sharp-eyed lookouts forward and on the bridge squinted anxiously into the fog and night, and down below grimy engineers stood ready instantly to stop or back. Gun crews consisted of from ten to twenty men, and they manned 3-inch to 5-inch guns, as well as heavy caliber machine guns. These Navy gun crews effectively transformed merchantmen from sitting duck targets into disagreeable wasps that could sting back. In order to train the men who manned the guns of our 1375 merchant ships, Armed Guard schools were established by the Navy. Basic courses were taught in regular, anti-aircraft, and rapid fire guns. Operating pools for the personnel were established in Brooklyn and San Francisco, where crews were quartered and equipped between their long periods aboard ships away from any central Navy Facility. Here we see an 800-pound ladle pouring metal for Naval anti-aircraft gun bases. In the face of the nation's greatest emergency Americans went to work to build ships&mdash; more ships and better ships&mdash;with the help of the professional shipbuilders and civilian experts comprising the Navy's industrial training division. Too realistic to rely on patriotism alone, the Navy offered many industrial incentive awards. Men and women of all ages, laboring on arduous day and night shifts, achieved results that won the world's admiration. Every branch of American industry felt the effects. The Navy's program went deeper than the mere speeding up of shipyard production. In order to meet the requirements of a two-ocean Navy, the program had to bring about a huge expansion in general industry &mdash;enlargement first of plants producing basic raw materials, then of plants manufacturing the countless component parts of modern men-of-war&mdash;from jewel bearings to mammoth turbines. Manufacturers let out their contracts to sub-contractors and thus brought all factories into the war effort, even those working with non-essential materials. For example, an automobile manufacturer began to produce an extremely intricate gyroscopic compass. A stone finishing concern found itself manufacturing towing machines and deck winches. The program operated at a dizzy pace. Owing to a crisis in the production of turbo- electric propulsion machinery, it was necessary to build an enormous new plant in a 500 acre cornfield. Construction of the plant was not begun until May, 1942. Within seven months the first machine had been produced, completed, and shipped. A comparison of the time required to build Naval vessels before and after Pearl Harbor speaks for itself. Before: battleship, 38 to 40 months; aircraft carrier, 32 to 34 months; submarine, 14 to 15 months; destroyer, 13 to 14 months. After: battleship, 32 months; carrier, 15 months; submarine, 7 months; destroyer, 5 months. Through such progress we soon shifted from the defensive to the offensive. To the American people "Pearl Harbor" is more than a name; it is a day of History, of Decision, of a great upsurge of patriotism and national unity. On Sunday morning, December 7, 1941, even while Japan's "peace" commissioners were waiting in our Secretary of State's anteroom presumably to settle the differences between the two countries, 350 Japanese planes from six carriers struck at Pearl Harbor and the Pacific Fleet, the attack beginning at 7:55 A.M. While Japanese fighters and bombers were demolishing the U.S. Army and Navy airfields and shore-based planes, bombers and torpedoes came in low to attack the ships. Even two-man Japanese submarines infiltrated into the harbor in a sneak attack. Despite the crews' bravery, within the matter of minutes five battleships, three cruisers, three destroyers, a minelayer, a target ship, and a floating drydock were sunk or badly damaged out of a total of 93 naval vessels in the harbor. But to Americans, the most serious loss was the 3,077 naval personnel killed and missing. Even while bombs still burst and ships flamed, the Navy began its colossal salvage and fitting-out operations, one of the greatest salvage feats in all history. The bomb hits had done comparatively little damage, it was the torpedo hits, blasting the battleships' sides, that had wrought the greatest havoc. The work of battle repairs for other ships damaged during the four years of war was as phenomenal as the great salvage job. During the war the Navy Yard multiplied its facilities and personnel sixfold. As many as 27,000 civilians and 3,000 enlisted men were at work in the Navy Yard. These workers repaired or installed new equipment in 7,000 ships, there being as many as 100 ships constantly under repair during the last year of the war. The motto of the workers was "We Keep Them Fit To Fight!" From its bombed wreckage Pearl Harbor rose to be one of the greatest naval bases in the world. Huge warehouses were built for the oceans of supplies flowing in and out; giant tanks provided millions of gallons of oil and gasoline for ships and planes; the Naval Supply Depot became the heart of the Pacific naval supply activity, pumping vital resources to the fleet. Thousands of tons of projectiles, bombs, torpedoes, mines, rockets, and powder went out to our fighting men from the underground and surface storage of the Naval Ammunition Depot. At the Submarine Base as many as 24 submarines at a time were refitting after cruises, to go out and cruise against the enemy again. From the huge Sea Bee (Naval Construction Battalion) Base at Pearl Harbor, containing as many as 20,000 men, the Sea Bees poured out to do their phenomenal construction work in the Pacific islands. The Naval Air Station on Ford Island repaired and serviced planes for use throughout the Pacific. Hospitals increased to a point where they had a total bed capacity of 10,000. The scene in the Reichstag as Hitler announced to the German nation that Germany was at war with the United States. The picture shows President Roosevelt at his desk in the White House signing the war resolution of Congress. The picture shows the Wake airstrip under later attack by our planes. In the foreground lie wrecks of Japanese ships, mementos of the heroic American defense. In the early Japanese aerial attacks many of our planes were caught on the ground and destroyed before they got into the air. Notable examples of planes destroyed before they took to the air were at Clark and Hickam fields in the Philippines and Hawaii. In the surprise Japanese raids on the 7th and 8th of December almost all of the American Air Force in the Pacific was destroyed or damaged. The American planes, drawn up in neat, orderly, peacetime rows, were easy bombing targets for the Nipponese fliers. While the Japanese do not identify the locale of the picture, it is believed to have been taken at Midway Island, where, with less than a dozen planes, the American forces stood off the onslaught of ten to twelve times that number of Japanese planes. More than two years before the formal entry of the United States into World War II, the Atlantic Fleet began to support the British Fleet. This was done by the Neutrality Patrol, established in September 1939. Fifteen months before the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, fifty Atlantic Fleet destroyers were turned over to Great Britain in exchange for base rights, and the rapid development of these outposts during 1941 permitted the Atlantic Fleet to prepare a series of valuable stepping stones for wartime operations. Another vital extension of our defenses occurred in May 1941 when Brazil authorized the Atlantic Fleet to build and use advanced bases for planes and surface craft at Recife, Bahia, and Natal. Aggressively committed to the task of maintaining the war-making capacity of the British Isles, the United States could not afford to let German submarines sink lend-lease supplies en route, and the Atlantic Fleet joined British and Canadian naval forces during the summer of 1941, with orders to "shoot on sight" at any ships, planes or submarines which threatened this steady flow of war materials through the Western Atlantic. By the time the attack on Pearl Harbor occurred, the Atlantic Fleet had already completed and had begun to use a destroyer base in Londonderry, Ireland. In the far-flung struggle to maintain convoy lanes which soon stretched from the United Kingdom to Halifax, New York, Trinidad, Aruba, Recife, and Rio de Janeiro, Admiral Doenitz's ruthless offensive maintained a decided edge. But in May 1943, Allied team-work with long-range planes, surface ships and baby flat tops succeeded in sinking 43 U-boats and this stunning defeat was the climax of the Battle of the Atlantic. Thereafter, the initiative in that phase of the conflict passed to the Allies and was never again lost. Closely interlocked with the submarine war were the overseas movements of great armadas to launch those major amphibious operations which led to the final defeat of the Axis: the landings in North Africa, the Sicilian and Italian campaigns, and the invasions of Normandy and Southern France. To assist the British and Canadians in all of these difficult tasks, the Amphibious Force of the Atlantic Fleet provided extensive training to our Army troops. The important part played by Atlantic Fleet ships in transporting these specially trained troops, in landing them successfully on hostile shores, and in supporting their initial assaults, won the grudging praise of an enemy who had never understood the importance or true function of sea power. All of these landings required preliminary build-up of supplies and subsequent feeding of additional materials and troops from the United States&mdash;responsibilities which continued to taken by units of the Atlantic Fleet. Shipment for the initial invasion of Normandy alone piled up more than 16,000, 000 tons of supplies in Britain during year before D-day. Another important aspect of Battle of the Atlantic was the Allied campaign against blockade runners which shuttled high priority minerals and rubber from Japan to German high grade steel and precision instruments from Germany to Japan. During 1941 and 1942, the enemy sent out 49 blockade-running freighters or tankers from Europe, and 40 of them made the round trip successfully. An Allied "barrier" of ships and planes across the narrows of the South Atlantic (greatly strengthened by our Army-Navy air base Ascension) was gradually developed to maximum efficiency toward the end of 1943 and the beginning of 1944. Climax of this "barrier" strategy was achieved during the first week of 1944, when planes and surface craft of the Atlantic Fleet's South Atlantic Force pulled off a triple play and sank three blockade runners in three consecutive days. Forced to abandon such costly and fruitless endeavors, the enemy resorted to using his large supply-submarines, and again suffered heavy losses. The only Japanese submarine sunk in the Atlantic was one of these supply-submarines, loaded with raw rubber, which was nailed by coordinated attacks of an Atlantic Fleet killer group built around a baby flat top and operating south of the Azores. Final tabulations revealed that 126 enemy submarines were sunk by Atlantic Fleet units. On defensive side of the ledger, Atlantic Fleet ships escorted 17,707 ships in convoy, of which only 17 were sunk and 14 damaged by enemy action. As the Battle of the Atlantic drew to successful conclusion, more than 800 ships, trained in the Atlantic Fleet, passed through the Panama Canal to join forces in the Pacific between 1 January and 18 May 1945. The "Net Navy" has a highly specialized job. Nets may be more than two miles long, extending from the surface of the water to the bottom. Storms and overly strong currents may tear holes in the nets, necessitating instant repairs. Tenders notable for their two-horned prow, over which winch wires pass to raise and lower the heavy net equipment, must follow the advances of the war fleet. They spin out their webwork even while their big sisters are still blazing away in the battle for an enemy port. And, despite their size, tenders can fight&mdash; one of them opened the war for the "Net Navy" by shooting down a Japanese Zero at Pearl Harbor. The fall of Singapore was described by Prime Minister Churchill as "the greatest disaster to British arms which history records." Not only did Japan secure the most powerful naval base in the Orient, outside of her own borders, but she also captured some 70,000 Imperial troops. Worst of all, the way lay wide open now for Japanese conquest of Burma and India, and the Allied forces in Southeast Asia were forced to fall back on the Netherlands East Indies, and, eventually, Australia. The Japanese soldiers took all personal belongings from them and beheaded those who had Japanese tokens or money. In groups of from 500 to 1,000 men, the prisoners were marched off Bataan toward San Fernando, in Pampanga Province. The Japanese slapped and beat the prisoners with stocks, and throughout that scorchingly hot day gave them neither food nor water. Men recently killed were lying along the roadside. At night the prisoners were crowded into enclosures too narrow to allow the men to lie down. During the first few days the stronger were not permitted to help the weaker, and those prisoners who fell met violent death. On the 12th the Japanese introduced the prisoners to a form of torture which came to be known as the sun treatment. Prisoners were made to sit in the sun all day without cover. Some of the groups covered the 85 miles without so much as a spoonful of rice. Hundreds died along the way. It was not long before the Japs were prospering&mdash;making up to 500 percent profit on goods resold to the very people from whom the goods had been looted. Steady streams of Jap trucks drove northward from Manila carting precious loot to ships in Lingayen Gulf, which then carried it back to Japan. The city lay quiet and frightened, still smoldering from fires begun by the incessant bombings of Jap squadron after squadron. The once beautiful and proud Cathedral of Santo Domingo lay a heap of ash and rubble. Three thousand Americans were barbarously herded into a concentration camp set up on what was once the campus of Santo Tomas University, a seat of civilized learning. Jap sentries tossed them their meals like dogs, and shot any friendly Filipino caught attempting to smuggle food to them. Thousands of homeless Filipinos fled to the city's outskirts. Women, children, and aged men lived in the open air, preferring Bataan's bombings to life under the Nipponese new order. That new order was symbolized by arrogant Jap officers with long curved swords at their sides strutting along Escota Street, pictured here, and by sentries with sharp bayonets standing guard in Manila's streets. In the jungle these refugees clustered about field kitchens where bakeries turned out the Army's supply of bread. For meat they slaughtered Caraboa, the Philippine beasts of burden. This Japanese photograph was captioned, "Escota Street, Manila's shopping center, returns to normal." Note the platoon of troops and the military trucks. At Lae a scouting squadron went after the harbor, sinking two large transports and setting a third afire. An enemy cruiser strove desperately to get out of the harbor, but two American planes pulled out of their dives and dropped their bombs. A 500-pound bomb struck the cruiser squarely abaft the second stack. She crawled toward the beach burning fiercely. Again and again the planes returned. A minesweeper burst into flames. Another destroyer was hit! Then a cruiser! Two other cruisers took three direct hits from dive-bombers! This first attempt to launch medium bombers from a carrier sparked the confidence of the lads who Tokyo Rose was saying would "never fly over our house-tops." America's stalwarts stood ready to seek revenge for Pearl Harbor. People at home thirsted for a victory. "If only we could strike her cities they would burn like tinder." But how? "The Flying Fort hasn't the range." "A round trip to China via Japan?"&mdash;no bases in China big enough. "What about Russia?"&mdash;Russia was busy. It was April 18, 1942. Admiral Halsey was in command. The weather was overcast with frequent squalls and high winds&mdash;just the way the Admiral liked it. The original plan called for a dusk rendezvous 400 miles off Tokyo, a night strike at Japan and a landing on Chinese airfields early the next morning. But in dodging enemy gun-boats the task force ran into a Japanese patrol vessel. Dive-bombers sank her immediately. Had she warned Tokyo before going down? Colonel Doolittle offered to let any man withdraw if he wished. Nobody accepted the offer. "Launch all bombers", blinked the signal bridge ten hours early. Propellers whirred. Within a very few hours Americans were over the house-tops of Tokyo. At 0920 the first plane leaves the deck, Jimmy Doolittle at the controls. At 2120 he will bailout over China, but not before his squadron has made history. Tokyo, Yokohama, Osaka, Kobe&hellip;sixteen tons of bombs! The winged raiders from "Shangri-la" vanish as quickly as they came. The cost: eleven men killed or captured, five interned in Russia, sixty-four smuggled through by the Chinese underground. All planes lost. The hopes of free men, everywhere burn brighter, and the Jap begins to wonder. Three officers of the garrison which defended the island against months of Japanese air and shore attacks make an inspection of defense positions during a lull in enemy attacks. Left to right: Lieutenant Colonel John P. Adams, USMC, recipient of the Navy Cross; Colonel Samuel L. Howard, USMC, commander of the island's 1500 Marine defenders; and Major General George F. Moore, USA. This Japanese photograph shows the end of their stand before one of the underground shelters. The face behind the mask of Japan had been dramatically revealed on December 7, and during the next four months her quick strides to the Southeast left the world wondering if Australia was soon to fall within her orbit of conquered territory. Control of the Coral Sea was a prerequisite for cutting the line of supply to Australia, and the Japanese Navy bade fair to achieve that control in the spring of 1942. The acts of heroism are too numerous to mention. The tenacity and courage of the men was symbolized in the dogged devotion to duty of a group of sailors found manning a gun by Captain Sherman as he made a final inspection before leaving the ship. They had refused to abandon ship until ordered to do so. Not until the excitement of battle had died away did we realize that this was the first major engagement in history in which the issue was decided without surface ships having exchanged a shot. The Battle of the Coral Sea was really the highwater mark of Nippon's southward expansion to cut the American-Australian lifeline. Our air raids on Lae and Salamaua, in March 1942, hindered but did not stop the yellow tide of conquest, and by mid-April the Japs had footholds in New Guinea, New Britain, and the Solomon Islands that put them in a position to threaten all Melanesia and Australia itself. Despite the loss of one of four carriers in the Pacific, the battle was a U.S. Navy victory. The Japs, who lost more planes and men, withdrew northward. Our small Asiatic Fleet performed a first miracle of delaying actions in the Philippines and Dutch East Indies, even at the cost of almost all its ships. Our small carrier and cruiser force at Coral Sea performed a second miracle in turning back the Japanese threat at Australia and New Zealand. The third miracle occurred at Midway, in June, 1942. Up until then the Japanese Navy, instead of pressing an aggressive offensive against Hawaii and even Panama or the West Coast, had allowed itself to be pressed into the service of the Japanese Army in its sweep of territorial conquest through the Philippines, Malaysia, the Dutch East Indies, Burma, and the Solomons. Now our Naval Intelligence learned that the Japanese Navy, counting on our losses and dispersed forces in the Southwest Pacific, planned a bold stroke at gaining control of the northern and central, and even eastern Pacific&mdash;perhaps a stroke at Hawaii, and Alaska itself. This battle, fought almost entirely by air and during which the opposing surface ships never even sighted each other, was the first decisive defeat suffered by the Japanese Navy in 350 years. But more important, it ended the period of Japanese offensive activity in the Pacific, removed the threat to Hawaii and the West Coast, and paved the way for our assumption of the offensive in the Pacific&mdash;an offensive that through successive stages saw us reconquer the Solomon Islands, Guam, and the Philippines, capture Tarawa, Saipan, Iwo Jima, and Okinawa, break the back of the Japanese Fleet in the Battle of the Philippine Sea and the Battle of Leyte Gulf, and eventually blockade and bomb Japan into submission from her own home waters. A patrol bombing squadron, the famous Pat Wing 10, was the sole Naval air unit in the Philippines when the Japs overran the islands in the fateful December days of 1941. Starting out with forty patrol bombers, the heroic men of this squadron fought a gallant withdrawing action, and ended ninety days later with only two planes. The Navy fliers, carefully trained in identification of surface craft, gave accurate warning of the approaching enemy units. Had sufficient forces been available to act on these reports, the outcome of the Philippine campaign would have been different. Development of patrol bombers as seaplanes has been exclusively a Naval task. A Navy patrol bomber, the NC-4, made the first Atlantic air crossing in 1919. In the summer of 1942, amid utmost secrecy, two airports were constructed in the eastern islands to defend the important and vulnerable base at Dutch Harbor. The attack, though long anticipated, came as a momentary surprise. Under cover of the never-lifting fogs, the Japanese assault fleet crept in. Just before dawn on June 3, coincident with the strike at Midway, Jap carrier-based planes swept in to bomb and strafe Dutch Harbor. Several ships, including the Catalinas' own tender, lay in port. Blasting away at the attackers they weighed anchor, got under way, and took evading action. After the first wave of Jap planes had withdrawn, Catalinas from the Patrol Wing sped off to search for the attacking force. One of them had just spotted a lurking enemy carrier to the south when the murk closed in again and prevented an attack. Slowly the Jap bombers circled for another try. They anticipated little air opposition. But then out of the west, more planes suddenly appeared. They were army fighters: Warhawks, new Lightnings, Marauder medium bombers. They plunged into the Jap attackers, their machine guns biting away. One enemy observation plane went down under their attack. Another, wounded, limped away. The Jap flyers were stunned. They turned and fled westward, wondering where all our planes had come from. The two airfields secretly built in March paid their dividends. In their fleeing haste, some Japs actually flew over the secret airfield on Unmak, the island to the west of Dutch Harbor. P-40s immediately jumped on them, destroying three Jap dive bombers and a Zero. In the meantime, offshore, Navy Catalinas and Army planes were ferreting out the assault fleet. They landed a few attacks, but they were battling two forces: the Japs and the weather. Several PBY's and Army fortresses failed to return. When the weather permitted, the Catalinas found that the assault forces had fled westward. As second choice, the Japs had contented themselves by occupying Kiska and Attu at the extreme western end of the Aleutians. Additional Navy "Cats" were rounded up from their base at San Diego, California. A short four days after leaving their home base, they were in the midst of the fog and fighting. During the first hectic days, the crew of the Catalinas' tender worked 36 hours without sleep. One pilot flew nineteen hours out of twenty-four. Attacks against the Japs in Kiska harbor began immediately. Lumbering Catalinas, together with the Army Fortresses and Liberators, bombed the Jap force on June 10 and 11, undeterred by the heavy anti-aircraft fire. One Liberator, dropping below the clouds at 2000 feet, took a hit. The others were forced to 18,000 feet to drop their bombs, but nevertheless scored a hit on a Jap cruiser. As consistently as the weather allowed our planes kept up attacks from Dutch Harbor. Long before Pearl Harbor, the Navy, aware of the vastness of the Pacific and the distances between its far scattered bases, perfected the technique for fueling at sea so that, in the event of war, ships might not be limited to short operational raids from shore bases. Soon refueling at sea was a routine exercise. When war came, and most of our Pacific fleet was incapacitated in Pearl Harbor, the fast carrier task force became our only means of taking the offensive, even briefly. Repeatedly they steamed deep into enemy-held waters on strikes of longer range than had ever been known, because they could rendezvous with our oilers and keep going for weeks at a time. Puzzled Japs must have thought we had more ships in the area than their intelligence reports indicated! Calling for the smartest kind of seamanship, fueling at sea would be hazardous even on calm days were it not for skillfully trained crews. In heavy seas there is always real danger, for ships must be kept close alongside each other for the duration of the fueling. Both vessels must keep headway, too, because ships refueling at sea are "sitting ducks" for enemy submarines. Balloon training provides valuable experience for lighter-than-air pilot trainees. It instructs them in the idiosyncrasies of air currents, and gives them the "feel" of the powered blimps which they must learn to fly. The Navy Nurse cared for the wounded and sick in prison camps as in hospitals; she taught Corpsmen, Cadet Nurses, and Waves the skills of nursing; she assisted the medical and surgeons; she flew with the wounded from target areas to base hospitals; she set up schools and trained native nurses on the islands of the Pacific, as well as Brazilian flight nurses in Rio de Janeiro. She served wherever she was needed&mdash;at 364 stations at home and overseas. In recognition of their service Navy Nurses received many military awards during World War II, among them one Distinguished Service Medal, one Legion of Merit, 14 Bronze Star Medals, and 11 Gold Stars in lieu of second Bronze Star Medals. Training for Waves included a recruit school in New York city and a school for midshipmen in Northampton, Massachusetts. Advanced courses at more than 40 naval activities equipped enlisted Waves for such specialized duties as link trainer instructor, pharmacist's mate, radioman, storekeeper, yeoman, and gunnery instructor. Forty different ratings are open to enlisted women. At advanced schools officers were prepared for duties in aerology, technical and administrative radar, air combat information, Japanese language, communications, supply, and link celestial navigation instruction as well as actual navigation officers. At the time of the Japanese surrender there were 4,000 on duty in Hawaii. On V-J Day Waves were on duty at 900 shore stations in the United States and Hawaii. Nearly 20,000 Waves were serving in the Washington, D.C. area, and in the Navy Department 55 percent of its military personnel were Waves. Releasing men for sea duty, Spars took over jobs at district offices, repair bases, air stations, radio stations, captain of the port offices, and other shore stations throughout the country. The greatest concentration was at Coast Guard Headquarters where over 1,000 Spars were on duty. More than 450 were assigned to jobs in Hawaii and Alaska. The Spars were an integral part of the Coast Guard subject to the same regulations, entitled to the same privileges as the men of the service, and receiving similar ratings and pay. "They will not be an auxiliary organization. They will not be a separate command. They will be Marines, an integral part of the Corps," Those were the policies established by the U.S. Marine Corps when on 13 February 1943, it activated the Women's Reserve. If women Marines had not been present at all major posts and stations in the continental United States and Hawaii, carrying much of the burden of administration, training, repair, and supply services, it would have been necessary to hold men Marines back from the fighting for such purposes. And in order that they might realize their role as supporting members of a combat team, it was part of their indoctrination in the Corps to study the organization of a rifle platoon and see demonstrated all weapons used by the fighting Marines. Office work was only one of their innumerable duties. They worked on airplane engines, they drove trucks, they were control tower operators, they were photographers&mdash;indeed, there was hardly a section of any of the major Marine Corps bases which did not have its share of women Marines hard at work. Although the old-time marines were sceptical at first, they soon accepted the women. Wherever they served, the members of the Women's Reserve never forgot their proud title, "We are Marines." Before final victory was achieved in the Pacific, we fought a seemingly endless series of battles. Some were briefer and bloodier than Guadalcanal, others were longer, yet less costly. All the subsequent campaigns were enhanced by virtue of greater experience, longer planning, and the increasing flow of men, weapons, and materiel to the Pacific. The four-month-long battle for Guadalcanal made its unique niche in history because it was the first true test by fire&mdash;the crucible in which everything our nation pinned its hopes upon for final victory was gambled&mdash;and it was a gamble, a deadly one. The grim questions then were: could we, with what little we had, make a successful invasion of a lunging, powerful enemy's own territory? Could we save New Zealand and Australia? Could we do it immediately with what we had and not what we expected to get? Could we invade with a bare minimum of aerial reconnaissance and hurried planning? Could we make that first major ship-to-shore landing without wholesale air support and softening up by the fleet? Could we take Henderson Field and hold it against relentless opposition without benefit of coast artillery or even air cover during those first weeks ashore? Could our Marines fight day and night on iron rations, fish heads, and rice in a malarial jungle hell without once envisioning defeat? Could they stand up under the stunning night broadsides by heavy warships and the relentless heckling by enemy bombers? Could our meager sea and air support break through the enemy ring of steel at sea and in the air to keep us going? Could we forge our varied components by teamwork of the first order into ultimate amphibious mastery? Could we turn Guadalcanal into a deathtrap for crack units of the Japanese army and for hundreds of their highly prized warships, transports, planes, and pilots? Could we win decisively at Guadalcanal and then use the amphibious doctrine which we tested, developed, and proved there to push the enemy back across the entire Pacific to Japan and final defeat? We could and, by the grace of God, superior skill, courage, and equipment, we did. However kindly our victory in that first major American offensive may be evaluated, it will never be forgotten by those who fought there&hellip;and survived. For them it will always have a special significance. They came through four difficult months that were hell-laden with heat, sweat, dirt, loneliness, disease and death. But they did far more than that. They destroyed the myth of Japanese invincibility in that laboratory of jungle warfare and set the pattern and the spirit for the victory to come. Our nation could have asked little more of any men. As a personal tribute to all those who fought so ably there, may I take the liberty of recounting in part my letter to them. It was written on that island, preparatory to our leaving, and dated 7 December 1942. "To the soldiers and marines who have faced the enemy in the fierceness of night combat; to the pilots, Army, Navy, and Marine, whose unbelievable achievements have made the name 'Guadalcanal' a synonym for death and disaster in the language of our enemy; to those who have labored and sweated within the lines at all manner of prodigious and vital tasks; to the men of the torpedo boat command slashing at the enemy in night sortie; to our small band of devoted allies who have contributed so vastly in proportion to their numbers; to the surface forces of the Navy associated with us in signal triumphs of their own, I say that at all times you have faced without flinching the worst that the enemy could do to us and have thrown back the best that he could send against us." Date August 9, 1942. Place, the Solomon Islands. Our Guadalcanal campaign was well under way. Our carriers had withdrawn from the immediate area in order to take on fuel and also to avoid possible enemy air and submarine attack. A screening force of Allied cruisers and destroyers remained to protect the landing operations. It was some time before we realized that an enemy force of cruisers and destroyers had slipped into the area undetected. Their fire was tragically effective, and we were unable to offer adequate opposition. At 0215 the Japs ceased fire and sped off to the northeast. They left four Allied cruisers sinking, and another cruiser and destroyer seriously damaged. But the Allies took grim consolation in the fact that the Japs failed to attack the scores of transports unloading men and supplies on the beaches of Guadalcanal. Evidently the Japs did not know how much damage they had inflicted. Had they known it seems likely that they would have forced a fleet battle in order to take advantage of their superior power. As a result of this action, the Japanese were all but stripped of carrier support in this area and broke off the fight although their powerful surface forces were still largely intact. The "Tokyo Express" was "side tracked" near Cape Esperance, about midnight, October 11, when this task force engaged several Jap cruisers, destroyers, and transports to the westward of Savo Island. After a 30-minute battle, fought with both big guns and torpedoes, the enemy was forced to abandon his landing attempt and withdraw. By the time of the battle of Cape Esperance was fought however, we had gained air superiority over Guadalcanal The landing strip of Henderson Field had been considerably widened and lengthened, its surface improved, and revetments had been built to protect planes on the ground from strafing attack. Big bombers could now be brought in, and the air battle carried up the line to the enemy's new strong points in the north and central Solomons. Some of these, under British rule, had merely been coconut plantations. The Japs moved in, took over the plantation buildings as headquarters, and leveled enough coconut palms to provide land for an air strip. Palm trunks were used for constructing revetments, ammunition dugouts, barracks and warehouses for supplies. Some plantations became seaplane bases, with ramps leading to sheltered water and hiding places for planes under the trees. Following this battle, on the morning of October 12, Navy and Marine Corps torpedo and dive bombing planes took off from Henderson Field, Guadalcanal, to locate and attack the retreating enemy ships, many of which were believed to be in a damaged condition as a result of the punishment they had taken from our guns and torpedoes the night before. At about 10 o'clock, two enemy cruisers were overtaken south of New Georgia Island, the Solomons. A torpedo hit was obtained on one cruiser, and several bombs were exploded near it. The cruiser was left dead in the water and burning badly. During the afternoon of October 12, an air group from Guadalcanal attacked an enemy cruiser and a destroyer, also in the area south of New Georgia Island. A direct bomb hit severely damaged and stopped the cruiser. When last seen her crew were hastily abandoning ship. This cruiser evidently had been damaged the night before in the action off Cape Esperance. A direct hit and several near misses set fire to the destroyer accompanying the cruiser, and she was left in a sinking condition. Despite this drubbing, however, the Japs were back again in force the next night (October 13-14), when their surface ships bombarded our airfield and shore installations on Guadalcanal, causing considerable damage. This was a prelude to landing more troops early on the morning of October 15. Enemy transports, covered by naval units, disembarked a large number of men on the north coast of Guadalcanal, to the westward of our positions. An aircraft striking group attacked the Japanese ships, scoring three direct hits on one transport and leaving two other transports burning. A Japanese battleship was damaged and an enemy fighter plane shot down. U.S. motor torpedo boats also attacked these ships, and reported one probable torpedo hit on a cruiser. None of the motor torpedo boats were damaged. In a spirited night action, which is known both as the Battle of Tassafaronga and the Battle of Lunga Point, the Japs took another drubbing, losing six destroyers, two troop transports and a cargo ship. Several other ships damaged, turned and fled. No landing on Guadalcanal was attempted. Our losses were one cruiser sunk and several other vessels damaged. These two naval victories, together with the unceasing aerial attacks by Navy, Marine, and Army fliers on Jap strongholds and shipping throughout the Solomons, finally, discouraged all efforts to supply or to reinforce enemy positions on Guadalcanal. As the Japs slowly ran out of ammunition and food, our situation was becoming increasingly better. Complete conquest of the island soon became a matter of isolating scattered pockets of resistance, and of mopping up stragglers and guerrillas. This was slow, tedious, dangerous work, done mainly by patrols made up of volunteers who had been trained in jungle warfare. There were three main objectives in the Allied plans. Casablanca on the coast of French Morocco, was to be taken by United States Army and Naval Forces, while a Naval Force, primarily British, was to land U.S. Army and British Army Forces for the seizure of Algiers and Oran on the coast of Algeria. D-Day was to be November 8. The U.S. Navy, except for one division of transports and other small units in the Algerian operation, saw most of its action in connection with the taking of Casablanca. The plans called for three landings, so that troops could close in on Casablanca itself from north and south, and so that the large airfield near Port Lyautey could be seized and utilized. The main landing was to be at Fedala, 14 miles north of Casablanca, just beyond range of the fixed defenses of that city. The secondary landings were at the mouth of the Sebou River, near Port Lyautey, 65 miles to the northward, and at Safi, a small port 190 miles to the southward. The capture of the latter port, with its docks, was essential to the prompt landing of tanks from the ships which carried them. (Special tank landing ships had not then become available.) The infantry division from Fedala was to advance south, and the armored force from Safi north, for the investment of Casablanca. The large convoy of transports, supply ships, supporting battleships, cruisers, carriers and escorting destroyers sailed from ports in the U. S . (principally Hampton Roads), and Bermuda, effected rendezvous at sea, and proceeded by devious routes across the Atlantic, without loss from submarine attack. Radio silence was maintained throughout. At daylight of November 7, estimate of coastal surf conditions being favorable, the decision was made to land on the scheduled date, and the various task forces separated to take their assigned stations. At 7:55 a.m., November 11th, five minutes before the opening of the final assault on Casablanca by combined sea, naval, air, and ground forces, word of an armistice was received, and hostile operations ceased. On the nights of November 11th and November 12th before they could be brought in to the wrecked harbor of Casablanca, Four transports, engaged in unloading important supplies for the troops ashore, were torpedoed and sunk in the transport area off Fedala. A tanker, a supply ship, and a destroyer were also damaged by the assembling German submarines. The U.S. Navy set up sea frontier forces (surface and air) based on Casablanca and the air station at Port Lyautey for the protection of convoys and allied shipping in the approaches to Casablanca and the western and southwestern approaches to the Straits of Gibraltar. The U.S. Navy also set up an operating base for the control of the port of Oran. Both of these activities subsequently became part of the "U.S. Naval Forces North West African Waters" when that command was established, in February 1943, with headquarters in Algiers. The High Command timed these landings to coincide with the British Eighth Army's offensive against Rommel in the Western Desert. The initial success of the landings was due not only to the perfect cooperation between Allied forces, but also to the great secrecy which had surrounded it. A fleet of 500 transports and 350 supporting Naval ships had been gathered and loaded and were well on their way before even the personnel aboard knew where they were to land. Powerful air cover protected the giant convoy the entire time it was at sea. Despite the dangers of the route across the Atlantic through the Western Mediterranean, all ships arrived safely. Units of the American and British fleets officially occupied the city on November 10, 1942. Vichy acknowledged that in the action around Oran three French destroyers were put out of action and grounded, and that a fourth was sunk as it attempted to leave the harbor. The principal fighting took place around Casablanca. Our troops landed at Safi, 140 miles south of Casablanca, at Fedala, 15 miles north of Casablanca, and at Mahdia, 18 miles north of Rabat. Naval units supported army advances and bombarded defenses all along the coast. In a naval action off Casablanca a strong French destroyer force was "wiped out," and the incomplete French battleship Jean Bart was damaged. On November 11, 1942, all French resistance came to an end in compliance with orders from Admiral Darlan who represented himself as "Commander in Chief of All French Forces in Africa." His declaration stirred up a hornet's nest of political trouble but vastly simplified military problems. Within two weeks the strategic Atlantic base of Dakar was turned over to the Allies. This strongly fortified port had already repulsed landings by the Free French forces, and might have been a costly prize if military necessity had required its capture. Accordingly on January 14th President Roosevelt and Prime Minister Churchill opened a ten-day conference in Casablanca in which they laid plans for the United Nations offensive aimed, as the President said, at "unconditional surrender" of the Axis powers. They were accompanied by the Chiefs of Staff of the two countries who met in constant session two or three times a day to draw up the details of the general strategy. Plans were drawn up for coordinating the resources and fighting power of the United Nations, for dispatching all possible aid to Russia and China, and for unification of the French in the war against the Axis. Nothing like this meeting had ever taken place before. Complete accord existed between the leaders and the Chiefs of Staff of the two Allies. The entrance of the United States and Great Britain into the war against Japan actually weakened rather than strengthened China's position by allowing the Japs to cut the Burma Road. New routes had to be found. Meanwhile we had to give tangible evidence of our professed friendship for China. At the close of the Conference President Roosevelt gave a dinner party for Sidi Mohammed, Sultan of Morocco. Seated: Sidi Mohammed, President Roosevelt, Prime Minister Churchill. Standing: General George Patton, Robert Murphy, Harry Hopkins, the Crown Prince of Morocco, General Nogues, the Grand Vizier of Morocco, the Chief Protocol of Morocco, Lieutenant Colonel Elliott Roosevelt, and Captain John L. McCrea. The dinner took place at the villa assigned for President Roosevelt's use. In 1849 a United States Naval officer made the first United States survey of the isthmus. It was France that began the actual construction in 1882, but the French eventually gave up the enterprise, beaten by malaria and yellow fever. The United States took the task in hand in 1904. The Japs moved into the plantation buildings in November, 1942, and for a short time worked, unobserved, on the preliminary step toward setting up an airstrip. When they began to cut down trees to clear areas for the landing field and for revetments, however, bombing operations by our flyers began at once. Jap facilities that had sprung up by December 9, 1942, had already been blasted severely by January 5, 1943, and appeared to be almost untenable by March 30. But the fall of Munda did not come until August. The attack on Munda was preceded by the capture of Rendova Island, offshore, by the 25th Division of the Army while a simultaneous thrust was made at Viru Harbor by by the Marines. Repaired by Seabees, Munda became a major U.S. airbase. During World War II U.S. submarines have done many jobs. They carried supplies to beleaguered Corregidor, supplied and reinforced guerrillas in the Philippines, rescued over 500 Allied aviators from enemy controlled waters, performed many valuable reconnaissance services. But the great justification of submarine warfare is the success they achieved in their major task of destroying the Japanese Navy and Merchant Marine. From December 7, 1941 to August 15, 1945 submarines sank 1,750 Japanese steel merchant vessels. This was over 56 percent of the total of Japanese merchant ship losses. In addition our submarines sank one Japanese battleship, eight aircraft carriers, fifteen cruisers, forty-two destroyers, twenty-eight submarines, and one hundred lesser warships for a total of one hundred and ninety-four combat vessels of all classes. To appreciate the significance of this contribution to the war effort it must be realized that the Japanese were dependent upon ocean transport. The Japanese themselves attribute the breakdown of their war economy in major part to the American submarines. A Japanese War Lord said, "Submarines initially did great damage to our shipping and later the submarines combined with air attacks made our shipping very scarce." The Japanese are masters of understatement. Teamwork was the key to Allied success in World War II. The United States won the war in the Pacific by the combined effort of all forces, Air Force, Army, Navy, Marines, and civilians. Submarine operations profited greatly by the efforts of other forces. Submarines forced the enemy to concentrate his shipping in convoys. Air forces, particularly carrier air forces, found this concentration very vulnerable. In attempting to escape air attack, the enemy opened himself up to further submarine attack. The Japanese Navy and Merchant Marine found themselves in a dilemma. All through the struggle for North Africa the Allied fleets played an important part, striking blows against the Axis sea lanes, protecting Allied convoys against all but minor losses, and establishing a blockade which prevented the Axis from landing and reinforcing heavy equipment. Direct support of the Army advance was rendered along the coast from Gabez to Bizerte by small units of the Allied fleet. Planes were ferried to the scene of action on carriers, landing craft, and transports to combat the strong Axis air force and to be used as "tank-busters" to combat the Axis heavy armor. The collapse which followed was less a sign of broken Axis morale than a tribute to the completeness of the Allied victory. The enemy troops on Cap Bon had little chance to resist and none to escape. Naval forces pounded them from offshore while planes hammered them from overhead. Tanks raced up both sides of the peninsula and heavy artillery kept up a constant barrage. When organized resistance ceased in Africa on 12 May, 1943, it was a disaster for the Axis paralleled only by the destruction of the German Sixth Army before Stalingrad. In the whole of the Tunisian campaign the Axis had lost 266,600 captured 30,000 killed, and 26,400 seriously wounded. Allied losses were under 70,000. For the three years of warfare in Africa the Axis paid a very great price. It is estimated that they lost 950,000 men killed or captured, 8,000 planes, 6,200 guns and 2,550 tanks destroyed. At the outset of the war there were only three PT squadrons. One was stationed at Pearl Harbor and helped to fight off the Jap sneak attack. Another was in training, and the third, under Buckeley, was in the Philippines. Squadron Three had six boats. In his report of the Jap strike at the Philippines Admiral E. J. King, Commander- in-Chief of the U.S. Fleet, wrote: "On the evening of December 8, therefor, after the Japanese had bombed our airfields and destroyed many of General MacArthur's planes, our submarines and motor torpedo boats, which were still in Philippine waters, were left with the task of impeding the enemy's advance." The PT's did their bit, and by sudden forays and surprise night attacks sent thousands of tons of Japanese shipping to the bottom. Two of the six boats struck coral reefs, and were too badly damaged for repair. But the other four carried on, and, finally, on March 11, 1942, they stole silently away from Corregidor with some twenty passengers. Enemy ships were lurking on every hand, and the gasoline supply was low. After several narrow escapes, however, the four PT's brought General MacArthur and his staff safely to an island to the south, where Army planes awaited to fly them to Australia. Those not familiar with PTs are usually amazed at the number of items of equipment, and the different kinds of deadly weapons that can be crowded into so compact a space. Much of it is in miniature, compared to equipment doing the same job aboard destroyers or battleships. But proof of the pudding is in the eating, and the PT has been truly the biblical David of this war; more than a match for enemy Goliaths. One PT operating in the South Pacific, for instance, sank 920 times her weight of Japanese shipping in six months&mdash;a total of 18,400 tons. The U.S. Navy took over the USAAF's share of the Biscay patrols in the summer of 1943, and set up an airbase at Dunkeswell near the historic city of Exeter in southwestern England. Here, for the next two years, a thousand men of the U.S. Navy worked in relative obscurity to combat the submarine menace. Patrols were increased and maintained constantly. They were tedious and nerve wracking. Flying for twelve hours on end, week in, week out, many plane crews never even had the encouragement of sighting a submarine. Some patrolled for months before one was spotted. When the great moment came it lasted but a few short minutes. But then, guns manned, depth charges armed, the liberator would pounce down to the attack. And, more often than not, another U-boat never reached home. It was also dangerous work. Liberators patrolling the Bay were juicy bait for formations of German fighter planes that would swoop out of their French coastal bases intent on clearing paths for their homewarding submarines. Running a gauntlet of our watchful planes, U-boats approaching home bases were forced to remain submerged. Navy fliers faced an equally dangerous foe in the weather, which in the Biscay region was quite often bad. But when ceilings were low, they still had to fly. For it was at just such times that the U-boats would take a chance of running for it on the surface. In these streaks of bad weather, many Navy pilots made it home by a gremlin's eyelash. Some, not so lucky, did not return. But the wearing patrols paid off. Hitler was finally forced to call in his hounds of the sea and save them against the day of the coming invasion. A high spot of the Air Wing's English career came in December, 1943. In a desperate attempt to get crude rubber through the Allied blockade, the Germans assigned eleven destroyers to escort one blockade runner. An RAF liberator sank the runner before she could rendezvous with her escorts, and a short time later a Navy liberator spotted the eleven destroyers. Despite heavy anti-aircraft fire and attacks by enemy fighters, the liberator doggedly held them in sight until two British cruisers steamed in to the attack. In the ensuing battle the cruisers sank three destroyers. The remaining nine, fleeing, were attacked by a special strike of Fleet Air Wing Seven liberators. All pressed in to strafe the ships in face of heavy flak. The crews all won high praise for their day's work. During the Normandy assault, patrols were augmented so that the Channel approaches were constantly covered by aircraft to prevent surface or undersea craft from attacking our forces. On June 7, the President approved the "Basic Joint Army and Navy plan for the Defense of Greenland," and set up a regular patrol of Coast Guard vessels. For three years this patrol broke up repeated attempts of the Nazis to set up bases along Greenland's bleak eastern coast. Sometimes the patrol overcame obstacles that would have discouraged the most experienced Arctic explorers. The United States, however, was not the first to undertake the protection of Iceland. When, in April 1940, the Germans invaded Denmark, Great Britain, whose respect for the neutrality of Norway and Denmark had made easier the Nazi conquest of both, sent a mixed force to Iceland. The force arrived May 10, 1940, a short time before a carefully planned but unexecuted German invasion, it was later learned. The British had no time to negotiate, but the Icelandic government, assured that its neutrality would be respected by the Allies, accepted the situation co-operatively. In 1941, however, the British needed, desperately, the 15,000 troops of the Iceland garrison for their North African campaign. Iceland was confronted again with the alternatives of a possible, and very probable, Nazi invasion, or it could welcome friendly troops. It did not take long for President Roosevelt to negotiate the replacement of British forces with our own. Hard on the heels of the first American task force came a second, bringing in Army troops and Army Air Force units to supplement, and later replace, the Marines. The base grew rapidly. In addition to quarters for troops, a naval air station was set up about five miles from Reykjavik, near the Royal Air Force and the Norwegian Air Force bases. From here a regular air patrol of the North Atlantic convoy lanes was operated. At Hvalfjordor, a deep safe anchorage about forty miles northwest of Reykjavik, shore facilities were set up to take care of the needs of scores of ships that began to use this harbor as a convoy forming ground. Finally, on November 8, Secretary of the Navy, Frank Knox, announced the establishment of "Naval Operating Base Iceland," and placed the new base under the command of Admiral Ernest J. King, then commander in chief of the United States Atlantic Fleet. To the Germans Iceland was "enemy" country, and they continued to make nuisance raids and reconnaissance runs with long range planes. In the New Guinea theatre, after our successful landing at Nassau Bay, June 29-30, Allied troops moved up the coast to Mubo and Komistum. Navy planes and PT boats harassed enemy landing barges, and prevented the reinforcement of the nearby Jap base of Salamaua. On September 3, our amphibious forces moved into Huon Gulf, and landed the Australian Ninth division near Nopoi. Salamaua fell September 11, and five days later Lae surrendered, giving our forces two fairly good bases. By mid-May of 1943, the Germans and Italians had surrendered in North Africa, and our military forces in that area were powerful enough to justify planning a major offensive operation against "Festung Europa," the fortress Europe. Unique features of this operation were that it was to be mounted largely in North Africa from ports extending from Oran to Alexandria, and it was to employ in addition to the usual large transports with their embarked landing craft, a host of newly constructed landing ships, intermediate sized self-sustaining landing craft and support craft. All this armada had to be assembled in small North African ports, trained, organized, and rehearsed with the troop units to be landed. The whole tremendous operation, air, naval, and ground force, was planned under the aegis of Allied Force Headquarters. The combined naval force with embarked troops was commanded by Admiral Sir Andrew Browne Cunningham, the Commander-in-Chief Mediterranean, a British flag officer of pre-eminent record and vast experience in those waters. It was divided into Eastern and Western Naval Task Forces, commanded respectively by a British and an American vice admiral. Each of these major subdivisions was further divided into three subordinate task forces, each in turn commanded by a rear admiral. Included in the general plan were vast air forces and powerful naval covering forces, the latter for protection against the beaten, but still potentially dangerous Italian Fleet. All the many naval components took a preliminary staging disposition and later departed from staging ports on a vast and intricate schedule. The seamanship of the newly organized naval forces was tested severely by the rough weather encountered en route. However, the attack was delivered simultaneously and the troops were landed successfully and with complete tactical surprise during darkness of the early morning of 10 July 1943. Major landing forces were put ashore at five principal positions. Three of these objectives, Scoglitti, Gela, and Licata, on the south coast of Sicily, were attacked by the American task force (Western). The landing at Scoglitti, preceded by bombardment by our naval units, was accomplished with comparatively little opposition, the Italian troops abandoning their defense positions during the pre-invasion bombardment. At Licata the larger part of the assault infantry were transported to anchorages off the landing beaches in thirty-six new LST's which had been converted by the installation of six landing craft, each of which landed an assault platoon. Heavy opposition was encountered on the left flank, but all beaches were captured and the unloading of supplies began. After the landings, the participating naval forces were subjected to intense enemy air attack for three days. The enemy also launched violent counter attacks on our troops, spearheaded with tanks which threatened to drive our forces near Gela into the sea. Accurate naval gunfire broke up these attacks and served as antitank fire for the men on the beaches. Had there been no naval support, these attacks might have succeeded in destroying our forces in that area. As the combined troops drove ahead from the landing beaches they were supported, whenever possible, by our naval forces. At Porto Empedocle and Agrigento this support contributed greatly to the capture of those positions. The resistance met by our ground troops consisted mainly of small arms fire, since almost every large gun was spotted and destroyed by well directed naval fire. Destroyers and small craft took a major part in the protection of transports against the almost continuous German air attacks. These small craft also protected captured harbors, swept enemy mines, performed necessary salvage and opened up ports essential for the support of the Seventh Army. This operation was a triumph of planning and an example of what can be accomplished by a generous spirit between the Army and Naval Forces and between two allies, all working enthusiastically toward the same end on approved plans. The Invasion of Sicily was the prototype of large-scale amphibious landings that were to prove so irresistibly effective throughout the ensuing campaigns of the war. One of the most important factors in maintaining the morale of the Navy is the quality of its food. Despite the jokes about the Navy's menu, the fighting sailor gets a properly balanced and appetizing diet. Much care and effort goes into the procurement and preparation of food. There are complete and modern galleys which would be the the envy of the best chefs at the finest hotels. They are fitted with electric ranges, dish washing machines, dough mixers, coffee urns, cake mixers, and many other modern appliances. The crew of a battleship on a typical day consumes 1500 pounds of meat, 3,200 pounds of fresh fruits, and a corresponding quantity of other foods. Through the course of a year one of these ships will consume 900,000 eggs. Whether on large ships, where there is a cook for every 75 men, or on small ships, where there are but 2 cooks, the food turned out in every general mess is always healthful, wholesome, and tasty. Before securing a gun after firing, the bore must be swabbed out, dried, and polished. Then a damp oily cloth is passed through to form a protective coating against corrosion. But with all this care, ships must come to port and have the guns overhauled. When this becomes necessary, the guns are taken out of the turrets and replaced by others with new liners. This system of holding extra guns in readiness greatly bolstered our first line of defense, and helped our Navy to heed the orders of the Joint Chiefs of Staff at all times. In February, 1944, she took six Japanese bombs&mdash;one direct hit and five near misses&mdash;while operating north of Bougainville, but returned to action three days later. While supporting landings on Leyte the "Lou" was attacked by six Kamikaze planes, one of which scored a hit on the ship. But in each case the damage was repaired and the ship returned for vengeance. In order to stop these blockade runners, our Naval command dispatched Group X to make a sweep of Vella Gulf and to engage any enemy encountered. Group X was composed of about five destroyers. One night in August they picked up four Japanese ships steaming in column&mdash;three were destroyers, the fourth was a cruiser, designed to afford heavier gun protection to the gauntlet-running ships. Group X took them by surprise. Apparently the Japanese did not make as efficient use of radar as our ships did. Group X closed in for the kill. On the command to fire twenty-four torpedoes went racing through the dark waters, leaving thin strategic lines of white wake behind. Balls of red flame went shooting skyward. Violent explosions followed which blew two enemy destroyers to pieces. The cruiser burst into a mass of flame. The waters reflecting this ghastly light outlined the third Japanese destroyer which had escaped severe torpedo damage and was now pitifully attempting to elude its attackers. The destroyers in Group X trained their guns on it and sank the ship within minutes. The entire battle had lasted only a half-hour. Vella Lavella was one of the many actions which contributed to the decimation of the Japanese Navy. NATS grew from a single flying boat of uncertain vintage at the time of Pearl Harbor to 10 full transport Squadrons, several ferry units, and large contract operations by Pan American Airways System and American Export Airlines. Annually NATS transported hundreds of thousands of pounds of urgently needed war materials. NATS planes flew some 3,600,000 plane miles per month. During the war its planes flew to the fringes of battle zones, operated through tropical and Arctic blizzards and fogs. They flew a majority of the routes without radio navigation aids, the use of which would have betrayed them to the enemy. In spite of the difficulties and hazards of wartime flight, NATS achieved an efficiency and dependability equal to that of the pre-war civil airlines. NATS operates under three Wing commanders, one each for the three main areas of naval activity: the Atlantic, the West Coast, and the Pacific. The Naval Air Ferry Command is under a fourth Wing commander. NATS' greatest job during the war was the transportation of high priority materials, raw and finished, from the factory to the fighting front, and from the mine or mill to the factory. Transports returning from overseas flights brought cargoes of strategic materials for American war industries: industrial diamonds, mica, beryl ore, rubber, quartz crystals, platinum, quinine and totaquine, block talc from South and Central America, from Africa, and from thousands of remote places. NATS became in a few short months, a lifeline supply for our forces in all corners of the globe. It was during the Salerno campaign that the much-touted German secret weapon finally appeared in the form of radio controlled flying bombs. German heavy bombers, coming in for a high level attack, would release these winged machines, which would start off on a long glide. Suddenly the bomb would change course into a roaring dive, headed straight for a ship. These were precursors of the later V-1 and V-2 bombs. Ships off Salerno were under continued attacks by these new bombs for many days. In the early morning of January 22, 1944, in an attempt to outflank our own Armies driving for Rome, and establish a beachhead behind the enemy lines, Allied troops launched an assault on the small port city of Anzio, just 30 miles south of Rome. Code name for the operation was "Shingle," and it had been planned to coincide with a general attack along the Fifth and Eighth Army's front. The assault convoy sailed from Naples the morning of the 21st and in order to deceive any lurking reconnaissance planes, headed in the direction of Corsica. During the night, the convoy turned and headed for the invasion point. At two o'clock in the morning, H-Hour, the first waves of landing craft headed for the beach. All ships were at general quarters waiting for enemy fire from inland, but none came. The first landings by the assault boats were made with no enemy opposition, much to the troops' surprise. TARAWA&mdash;a tiny v-shaped atoll in the vast Pacific&mdash;and Betio, a miniature island of the atoll, containing the air field&mdash;these were names until recently unknown to most Americans. With its formidable fortress Betio, Tarawa was of strategic importance because it was the nearest point to our travel routes&mdash;San Francisco to Hawaii to Australia&mdash;and because it was the first obstruction on the road to Tokyo. For fifteen months the Japanese had perfected their defenses in the Gilberts, and the heart of their efforts was Betio. They had transformed its flat insignificance into one solid fortress which they felt, with considerable justification, would prove impregnable. Its beaches and reefs were lined with obstacles and mines. Its shores bristled with coast defense guns, anti-aircraft guns, field artillery, and machine guns. Its flat surface was covered with emplacements, pill boxes, and rifle pits all scientifically constructed to withstand the heaviest bombardment. Its defenses were manned by 4,000 men of the imperial Japanese landing forces. The admiral in command said, "A million men could not take Tarawa." His confidence was based on realism but failed to take into account the quality of the men who would be taking it. By the light of a waning moon, the battle of Tarawa began. Warships and planes poured more than 3,000 tons of explosives on tiny Betio. After dawn, three battalions of Marines started ashore in amphibious tractors followed by supports in landing boats. The leading waves in the tractors made the beach with light losses and seized shallow beachheads. Men from the landing craft waded waist deep across the reefs. In bitter fighting the beachheads were first held, then expanded until artillery and reserves could land. Battleships closed the range until salient targets could be pin-pointed with 16 inch guns. Cruisers and destroyers delivered supporting fires with deadly accuracy at pointblank ranges. Planes bombed and strafed from dawn 'til dark&mdash; but the decisive factor was the fighting spirit of the United States Marines on shore. Desperately, they engaged the enemy with tanks, mortars, rifles, grenades, and flame-throwers &mdash;overcoming strong point after strong point, gaining ground by yards and grimly holding every inch of their gains. In 76 stark and bitter hours an island was taken; its 4,000 defenders slain, and American history was enriched by a new name to stand beside Concord Bridge, Bon Homme Richard, the Alamo, and Belleau Wood. Tarawa was a battle for which there was no precedent. Precedents were made, not followed, It was a battle of firsts: the first American assault on a fortified atoll; the first reef impassable to landing craft to be crossed under fire: the first use of amphibious tractors as troop carriers. It set the pattern for future amphibious operations in the Central Pacific. It was the beginning of the end of Japan's dream of empire. Tarawa was a great shock to the American people who had come to believe that wars could be won without bloody fighting. It cost the lives of nearly a thousand American boys and brought sorrow to as many homes. It brought home to the American people the grim reality that there is no cheap, short-cut to win wars. It showed definitely that men well entrenched and determined to fight to the last ditch cannot be destroyed by bombardment alone but only by other men imbued with greater determination to cross that ditch. Tarawa proved, as it never need be proved again, that Americans can hold their own with the best fighting men in the world. The enemy was Japan's best, fighting from behind cover against our men in the open, yet their dead lay four to one in the dug-outs. After witnessing the valor of the men who took Tarawa, I shall always have for every Marine a feeling of reverence and respect. As the war moved westward, Tarawa lost its military significance except as an inter-island air stop. It became a shrine where those who walk among the rusting tanks, the silent guns, and the torn palms, pause in silent reverence as they view the graves in Betio's white and shifting sands. Today it has lost even its utility as an air base but it will stand forever a landmark on the road to Victory. Natives tend the 37 cemeteries on Betio where those men lie who died perfecting the pattern of amphibious warfare. Finally, however, combat teams of the first wave made the sandy beach and dug in. Then, a few hours later, the forward push began. It was slow going. The enemy contested every foot of land stubbornly. Surrenders were rare. Death was everywhere and bayonets and hand grenades were death's weapons. Tarawa will go down in history with Belleau Wood, Chapultepec, Guadalcanal, Saipan, and Iwo Jima as one of the Marine Corps' most gallant fights. Others, after abortive attempts to infiltrate through Marine lines, retired to their own dugouts and committed suicide rather than surrender. Here on Tarawa the Jap suicides largely abandoned the traditional hara kiri. Instead, they removed their shoes and used their toes to pull the trigger of a rifle whose muzzle was held in their mouths. Dozens of the enemy died this way. Hundreds of others had sacrificed their lives as fruitlessly in frontal assaults earlier in the day in attempt to crack the invaders. Hand-to-hand fighting was commonplace. Story after story drifted across the blackened battlefield of men who killed Japs with their rifle butts or, when the rifle was shattered, with their bare hands. Then, too, there were those other stories&hellip;stories of the Jap officer who sabered a Marine in the back, of the Marine who was shot in the back as he was in the act of carrying a wounded comrade to safety. The bombings continued for two days, and on February the 1st the landing commenced. Troops went ashore on Majuro and occupied the island. Landings occurred on Roi and Namur on February 2nd, and by the afternoon the 4th Marine Division had overcome all Jap resistance and had the situation well in hand. The Army's 7th Division landed on Kwajalein, and against increasing resistance moved ahead until the 8th when the entire atoll was in their possession. In the days following, U.S. Naval Forces continued the strikes at the remaining Jap-held islands of the Marshall Group. February 17th and 18th saw the daring and devastating attack on the islands of Truk, Japan's "Gibraltar" of the Pacific. The initial phase of the strike involved carrier-based aircraft. Then the battlewagons steamed in with many cruisers and destroyers. Together they pummelled the island's installations. On the 17th an expeditionary task group of United States Marines assaulted Eniwetok Atoll, which had received a treatment of bombs and shells for several days. Engebi Island fell to American forces on the 18th, Eniwetok on the 20th. With the capture of Eniwetok, control of the Marshall Islands passed into American hands. Most amphibious assaults made by American Forces in these islands followed a rather regular pattern, but in the invasion of New Britain, a gigantic number of small amphibious tractors were used. They were necessary because of the formidable coral reef barriers and shallow swamps of New Britain's coast and its dense jungle further inland. Landings had to be made at a great many points scattered throughout the island. The landing was made before dawn on a remote part of the island. It was a land movement from the rear, not a direct assault from the sea. Troops landed and waited for daylight to begin the fighting march overland. During the night a heavy downpour fell and in the morning the jungle floor was a sea of mud. Huge fallen trees with slippery moss, and myriad roots of giant banyans slowed the progress of the Marine raiders and soldiers. Further inland the terrain became worse. Sharp, corral-like rocks, thick, over-hanging vines and creepers, and prickly plants that pierced jungle suits, added to their hazards. After three days of marching, the raiders were in the thick of enemy area. A series of bitter engagements took place. There was a heavy opposition. Enemy machine gun nests and snipers concealed in the roots of big trees and overhead foliage took a severe toll of our troops. But the island was captured and quickly converted into a base for the forthcoming American campaigns. The story of how these fighters with great engineering ability accomplished prodigious building feats while overcoming many obstacles in record-breaking time is an epic in itself. To build the roads and airstrips on Green Island Seabees worked 24 hours a day. Tractor operators, truck drivers, riggers, dynamiters, excavating shovel operators all worked on eight-hour shifts throughout the day. The problems of terrain were tremendous. Top soil had to be removed along the runway area to reach the hard coral. Then additional quantities of large coral had to be transported from pits on the island. Heavy diesel-powered rollers crushed this to form a smooth, weather-resisting surface for our dive-bombers which wreaked havoc on enemy supply lines. During the entire month of January the whole Marshalls group was plastered by air attacks, getting consecutively heavier. Meanwhile the assault troops and bombardment ships were assembling both from the West Coast and Hawaii. By January 28, they were all in position. Terrific air strikes were made on both the eastern and western chains on January 29, and also on January 30. At the same time surface ships were told off to bombard the eastern chain, especially Wotje. As a result the eastern chain was so badly battered that it could give no help to Kwajalein and the rest of the western chain when the real assault struck there. Kwajalein Island is only 2-1/2 miles long by 1,000 to 2,500 feet wide; Roi and Namur are even smaller. Practically every foot of terrain was swept with gunfire. But beneath their coconut shelters and amid the ruins of their concrete bombproofs the Japanese prepared to put up a desperate resistance. Early on February 1, 24 LCI's equipped with rocket projectors moved to within 600 yards of the shore and deluged the landing beaches with rockets. Then from the transports outside, the LVT's and DUKW's crossed the reefs and landed the assault troops on the beach. By nightfall we had 11,600 troops ashore, as well as tanks and other equipment, and they had already fought well inland. With their usual tactics the Japanese made suicide attacks and night infiltrations. But by nightfall of February 4, the capture of Kwajalein was complete. And by nightfall of February 5, we were in complete possession of the lower 26 islands and atolls of Kwajalein at a loss to ourselves of only 174 killed and missing, and some 712 wounded. The Japanese casualties totaled 4,650 killed and about 50 prisoners. Roi and Namur had fallen even before Kwajalein Island. Eniwetok fell on February 21. The way lay open ahead to the west&mdash;toward Saipan, Guam, Tinian, and then on to the Philippines, Iwo Jima, Okinawa, and the shores of Japan. It was not necessary to capture Wotje and the rest of the eastern Marshalls. Cut off from the rest of the Japanese Empire, constantly pounded by air attacks, they were reduced to impotency, to fall into our hands ultimately. Two days before the actual invasion, the pounding of the islands was stepped up to unprecedented volume. For hours before the troops went ashore the explosions sounded almost like a symphony of giant kettledrums. Japanese artillery was blasted out of existence. The airfields were turned into rubble. Gun emplacements underground shelters, log and concrete pillboxes&mdash;all were pulverized by the barrage. Landings at Namur had been scheduled for 1100 on February 1, 1944. Despite the handicaps of heavy rain and clouds of smoke the landings were made exactly on schedule. They drew light matching gun fire and rifle opposition from the smashed and shattered pillboxes. The going was tougher on Namur. Marines crossed over from Roi in the afternoon and, later, another landing was made on Namur from the ocean side. The Marines, paced by dive bombers and artillery from adjacent islands soon wiped out all resistance. Germany bought the group in 1899 after the Spanish-American War but lost them in World War I to Japan who got them under the mandate of the League of Nations. The mandate specified that the islands were not to be fortified. Contrary to agreement the Japanese moved into the islands and closed them off from all foreign eyes. It wasn't until February 4th, 1944, when the Marines sent two B-24s over Truk at 20,000 feet with "super-eye" cameras, that the United States Navy was able to find out what was really going on at Truk. Photo reports visaged a great enemy fleet at anchor. Fully recovered from Pearl Harbor our Navy was ready to vindicate the very reason for its existence&mdash;to seek out the enemy fleet and destroy it. And that is exactly what it set out to do on the 17th and 18th of February, 1944. The landings at Kwajalein had the element of tactical surprise. They were a blow at the most important base, well in the center of the atolls, and apparently came as a complete surprise. Victory at the center virtually neutralized the enemy strongholds on the outer fringes of the island group. The Japanese got another surprise when U.S. troops landed on Eniwetok. The enemy expected us to consolidate our position in the Marshalls by attacks on the eastern group of the atolls. Instead, our forces, as part of their drive toward Tokyo, hit at the westernmost atoll in the group. To confuse the Japanese, our forces bombed and raided many islands in all sections of the group before setting out to bomb and bombard Eniwetok. Four weeks before the actual assault, swarms of carrier based planes slashed and tore at the island defenses. Days before the landings, guns of the vast support armada joined in the shelling. Eniwetok was invaded on February 17, 1944, and by the 22nd had been completely secured. The fighting while fierce, was sporadic and limited to minor engagements. The Japanese troops found on the island were stunned and shaken by the ferocity of the naval bombardment which preceded the actual attack. While the battle they put up was determined, it was disorganized. Almost overshadowing the actual invasion of Eniwetok was the covering operation, the first aerial strike at the Japanese base at Truk. This strike, an overwhelming success, was carried out to forestall any possible Japanese counter attack on Eniwetok by Jap fleet units from Truk. The invasion of Eniwetok and the attack on Truk inaugurated a series of far-reaching blows which emphasized the extent of the retreat which had been forced upon Japan by the U.S. Pacific Fleet. The main Jap lines had been reached and pierced. Among the hundreds of tributes and condolences which poured in from Allied leaders, his former military associates and prominent Americans, were these words by Admiral Ernest J. King, Commander-in-Chief U.S. Fleet. Said King: "Well done, Frank Knox. We dedicate ourselves, one and all, to what surely would have been his last order&mdash;'Carry On!'" To secure airports for the support of further westward operations, an unopposed landing was made at Arara on the Dutch New Guinea mainland. Extending their beachhead along the coast from Toem to the Tor River, the troops made shore to shore movements to the Wakde Islands on May 17 and 18. By May 19 all organized enemy resistance had ceased. To many Americans the expression "D-day" means but one thing&mdash;June 6, 1944. It was on that day that the greatest aggregation of land, sea and air forces ever assembled hurled themselves against the Normandy coast and struck the combined blow that was the beginning of the end for the Nazi military machine. As early as January 1933 [1943?], the Combined Chiefs of Staffs at the Casablanca Conference had projected this invasion. Almost from the beginning military leaders everywhere had realized that, regardless of Russian victories or long-range bombing, sooner or later the German fortress of Europe would have to be invaded and the Nazis decisively beaten on their own soil before complete victory could be achieved. That resistance would be bitter had already been proved in the Allied commando raid on Dieppe in 1942, which resulted in almost complete annihilation of the attacking troops. The outer fringes of the bastion of Europe were studded with steel and concrete, beach obstacles, and mines. From Wilhelmshaven to Bordeaux enemy troops and millions of political slaves had labored four frantic years, pouring the concrete and digging the caves, making the "western wall" of Europe the most formidable barrier ever known to fighting man. The Germans themselves called it "impregnable." Early in 1943 advance units of the U.S. Navy amphibious forces began to arrive in the British Isles to prepare stage for the Invasion. After the establishment of "Base 1" in Ireland our sailors and Seabees began the construction of other bases in England as "jumping off" points for the great attack. "Base 2" was in Scotland; then came amphibious bases at Pernarth and Milford Haven in Wales, at Falmouth and Plymouth, at Poole and Weymouth and Southampton and Fowey. At every cove and bay which could conceivably be used for harboring and loading naval vessels, the Royal Navy and the U.S. Navy set up installations and began readying the landing craft and transports which were to carry our troops to the shores of the enemy. Intensive training operations were instituted in every phase of amphibious warfare from boat-handling to gas-mask drills. In January 1944, General Eisenhower arrived in England to take supreme command of all the invasion forces. By March had begun the three months of continuous pounding by the U.S. 8th Air Force, the U.S. 9th Air Force, and the Royal Air Force at targets along the coast and in northern France, the Low Countries, and Western Germany. Everyone knew what was coming&mdash;even the Germans. But what only a few men in all the world knew was where the blow would come and when it would come. The answers to those questions were among the most closely guarded secrets of the entire war, and were known only to a few of the highest commanders in the Allied forces. As D-day approached, the air attacks were intensified. Actual loading of assault troops began on June 1. The men were briefed and the ships "sealed," and the great armada hung poised on the southern coast of Britain, waiting only for the final "this is it" message from Supreme Allied Headquarters. D-day had originally been set as June 5, but due to adverse weather conditions there was a last postponement of 24 hours. Then on the night of June 5, our last-minute air attacks rose to a crescendo, paratroopers made their jumps far inland, and the great armada moved across the Channel. And for the next 24 hours the fate of Europe perhaps lay in the hands of the United States and Royal Navies. But almost every contingency had been anticipated in a masterpiece of far-sighted planning. From long months before, things had been figured to the last inch and last second. A fleet of 4,000 ships, converging from half the points of the compass and of varying sizes and varying speeds, reached the rendezvous with split-second timing. And from that point on, all those vessels continued to operate with split-second timing. The site selected for the landing was a stretch of beach on the Normandy coast between the Seine and halfway up the Cotentin Peninsula. British troops were to land on the eastern beaches, and American troops on the western beaches. Complete direction of the operation while crossing the Channel lay in the hands of the naval commanders: Rear Admiral Alan G. Kirk, USN, commanded the U.S. Naval forces and Admiral Sir Philip Vian, RN, commanded the British Naval forces. Minesweepers were already far ahead, sweeping channels right in to the beach and dropping lighted buoys to mark the swept channels. Reference vessels were posted at every turn in the courses, to guide traffic into the proper lanes. Inside the 1,000-yard line off shore special control vessels would guide the assault boats in the final dash. Then the transports, reaching the Transport Area, lowered their assault craft, the LVCP's and LCM's; the troops swarmed down, and the amphibious craft chugged off toward shore with their loads. Already, ahead of them, the Navy and Army Demolition teams were driving in through the shallow water, blowing up underwater obstacles under a hail of enemy bullets. Too, enemy mobile 88's and 105's and other Nazi guns which had lain outside the zone of fire of the bombardment vessels, began to open up with a heavy crossfire, and casualties were heavy. Offshore vessels were struck, to flame up or lie helpless and sinking. Now the U.S. Coast Guard rescue craft, especially equipped and trained, plunged in under the fire and made sensational rescues as they pulled men from the water or from sinking wrecks. Then bombers and ships' gun fire searched out the hidden guns and put them permanently out of commission. By late afternoon our troops had secured the landing beaches. At the end of the first 24 hours, 66,000 troops had been landed on the two American beaches; at the end of seven days, almost 250,000 Americans were ashore. The supply ships were now moving across a steady stream of supplies, ammunition, and reinforcements. Blockships were sunk to form breakwaters in the open roads. The secret "Mulberries"&mdash;huge floating harbors constructed in sections and towed across were assembled to form the long piers so necessary for the countless supplies needed for the drive through France and Germany. By September 1, over 2,000,000 men, 440,000 vehicles, and 2,480,000 tons of stores had been landed by the Allies, and all but a small portion of them had gone in over the beaches. For the ultimate battle of Germany, however permanent harbors were needed. Cherbourg offered an ideal solution, but Cherbourg remained in Nazi hands. And to Cherbourg's previously powerful defenses the Nazis had in four years added tremendous strength. Driving across the peninsula, our ground troops attacked Cherbourg from the rear. From the Channel our naval forces attacked the seaward side. Against the enormous coast defense guns in the land forts of Cherbourg our battleships and cruisers and destroyers matched their own naval guns. Down they swept, in plain view of the coast, and with amazing skill dropped their shells on enemy gun emplacements with pin-point accuracy. With their forts beaten down around their ears, the Nazis finally surrendered. And the U.S. Navy at Cherbourg as well as at Normandy had proved that what had been regarded for two hundred years as a military axiom was just another fallacy&mdash;i.e., that naval ships cannot engage on equal terms with strong coast defense guns in permanent fortifications. The U.S. Navy had not only engaged the Nazi land fortresses on equal terms, they had overwhelmed them with superior gunfire. Scant minutes before H-Hour, specially trained Navy Combat Demolition Teams crept ashore in LCVP-s. Each man carried 40 pounds of TNT strapped to his chest. Working in small groups, these men were under constant peril from hostile fire, and some units suffered heavy casualties. But by D-plus two days, 85 percent of all the enemy obstacles had been removed. Weapons of a more serious nature were the V-bombs, which, since the first week following the invasion, the Germans had been launching against London from the Pas de Calais area. Jet units look very much like bombs, except that they are fastened to the plane's fuselage, as shown above. Easily mounted and replaced, each unit delivers thrust equivalent to about 330 horsepower which is available through the takeoff period. Each jet unit is an engine in itself&mdash;a cylinder full of a solid propellant which includes oxygen in the mixture so it can burn without air. It has an electrically controlled spark plug which sets it off, and a rocket-like vent from which the jet gases give their thrust. In JATO use with the Navy's big flying boats, like PBY's and PBM's, four, six, or eight of these units must be used in salvo or in series. This is of particular value in the activity of these ponderous ships in the Pacific where small flying-boat harbors are often necessarily confined. The Navy started its jet-assisted takeoff experimental program back in 1941 at the U.S. Engineering Experimental Station, Annapolis, Maryland, under the direct supervision of Captain Calvin M. Bolster, USN. With the experiments underway, the Guggenheim Aeronautical Laboratories at the California Institute of Technology were requested by the Navy to build the first small jet units. The Atlantic Fleet and ships in convoy cruised more than 50,000,000 miles in the battle against the U-boats, to say nothing of the millions of miles flown by American pilots patrolling the stretches of ocean. At any given moment there were at least 450 cargo ships at sea and 75 escorts with them. During the war, 126 U-boats went to the bottom due to the activity of the Atlantic Fleet, and there were many more probable "kills." A Liaison Officer's job is seldom an easy one, but when added to the normal woes of this type of work you have the added discomfitures of language barriers, custom differences, and political and civil regulations, the job becomes one for a man with the utmost in tact, diplomacy, and understanding of the niceties of Allied relationships. His duties may entail almost anything involving shipping, Armed guard crews, and supplies. Among the multiple and diversified tasks he must handle are advising Armed Guard crews of the local customs, laws, and prohibitions; routing American shipping; contacting officials of other members of the United Nations and our own Army officers, and helping settle disputes between Navy personnel and civil authorities. Port Liaison Officers were stationed in all corners of the world where American ships came into contact with people of the Allied Nations. With the decision to seize and occupy the Marianas Islands of Saipan, Tinian and Guam, the Pacific war jumped 1,200 miles from the Marshalls into the first land mass fighting of the Central Pacific campaign. Behind us lay the flat and bloody atolls, ahead lay mountains, caves, jungles and plains. Also ahead lay the still formidable Japanese fleet and a sizable air force. But the Marines and soldiers of the Fifth and Third Amphibious Corps were confident of victory because they were backed by the fighting might of almost 800 Naval ships manned by a quarter million sailors. Against enemy effectives were approximately 150,000 amphibious battle tested American troops. The objective was the usual one&mdash; to land upon, seize, occupy, and defend the three islands in order to deny their use to the enemy and convert their flat spots into air fields for attack upon the home islands of Japan. From these bases would be mounted future offensives aimed at the continued annihilation of the reeling enemy. Like most Central Pacific real estate, the price came high. But the war across the Pacific had to move and the price had to be paid in order that the way might be made easier for those who came after. The Marianas cost America 25,000 land casualties including 5,000 killed and missing in action. The Japanese lost 48,000 of their defending troops. Against superior weapons, aggressive troops, closely coordinated air and sea support fire, the Jap fought stubbornly and died horribly. On June 15, July 21 and July 23 amphibious landings were made effectively on Saipan, Guam, and Tinian respectively in the sultry summer of 1944. The long twenty-five day continuous attack against strongly entrenched and fiercely resisting troops on Saipan proved the most bitter battle in the Pacific up to that time. Guam was secured in 20 days and that lone American outpost returned to the Stars and Stripes. Tinian was won in nine days by one of the most perfectly planned and daringly executed shore to shore operations in world history. Protected by the Navy surface forces and air arm, which sought out and partly destroyed penetrating forces of the Japanese fleet, Marines and soldiers were blessed with friendly skies free of enemy aircraft. What comparatively few planes got through did little damage with their supply lines protected, their skies free, with naval gunfire and close air support, the foot soldiers and Marines devoted their full attention to the extermination of the enemy. Under heroic and brilliant leadership of officers and non-commissioned officers, our troops suffered heavy casualties from the enemy and the climate, but gained the inevitable triumph to forge in blood and fire a most important weapon, a base for B-29's. In the year that elapsed between the securing of the Marianas bases and the capitulation of the enemy, thousands of B-29 missions were flown against the Japanese homeland from these three island air bases. The capture of the Marianas was one of the most decisive actions against the enemy in the Central Pacific. Today Guam is again a proud American possession. The Guamanian school children play under the American flag, worship in the church of their fathers and place flowers on the graves of Marines of the 3rd Division and the 1st Brigade and soldiers of the 77th Army Division. On Saipan and Tinian Christian Chammoros enjoy the blessing of freedom while beneath the soil lie the bodies of Marines of the Second and Fourth Divisions and soldiers of the 27th Infantry. The Marianas, paid for in courage and blood, shall remain American possessions as a promise to those who died that their sacrifice was not in vain. The weight of bombs and shells thrown at the Marianas was the greatest, up to that date, of any pre-landing assault in the Pacific. Guam, particularly, underwent a terrific shelling. However, when the green-garbed leathernecks went ashore, they met withering bursts from Japanese mortar and artillery fire. As of Tarawa, the landings were further complicated by treacherous reefs and rapidly changing tides, When the operations for the capture of the Marianas were begun early in June 1944, most of the Japanese fleet had been basing&mdash; according to our best intelligence&mdash;on Tawi Tawi, in the extreme south of the Philippines, whence they could pour into the Philippine Sea and threaten our Marianas landings by several routes. Watching the Japanese even in their own waters, however, were our submarines, and one of these just off Tawi Tawi informed us on June 13th that a strong Japanese force had left that base and was heading northward. The possibility that this force might attempt to block our Saipan landings immediately appeared. Our original plans had included a strike on Iwo Jima by two of the four carrier groups which with battleships, cruisers, and destroyers composed Task Force 58. The strike was to be made as soon as possible after the enemy air in the Marianas had been knocked out. I considered canceling this strike, because these two task groups might not be able to rejoin before the Japanese fleet could attempt a blow against us at Saipan. However, the risk had to be taken. The strike was successfully conducted on June 16th, and the two task groups making it were able to rejoin in time to oppose the Japanese fleet. Our landings on Saipan started on June 15th and were strongly opposed. That night we received contact reports from two of our submarines. One of them reported an enemy force steaming to the eastward at high speed from San Bernardino Strait. The other reported a second force about two hundred miles to the northeastward of Mindanao headed to the northeast. These reports removed all doubts as to the Japanese intentions to oppose our landings on Saipan with all their available naval strength. Unloading of troops, equipment and supplies continued at Saipan on June 16th and 17th, while Task Force 58, reinforced by such cruisers and destroyers from the Joint Expeditionary Force as could be made available, operated in a covering position to the westward of Saipan, with carrier planes making searches to the limit of their range to look for the enemy fleet. During this time Japanese land based search planes were able to keep up good contacts with us in spite of their losses. On the forenoon of June 19th began the Battle of the Philippine Sea. The Japanese carriers launched their attacks from outside the range of our planes, with the apparent intention of having them land on their airfields on Guam and Rota, in the vicinity of Saipan. This day, June 19th, will be remembered by Navy men everywhere as the "Marianas' Turkey Shoot." The result of the day's action was 408 enemy planes destroyed out of 545 sighted as against 32 American planes lost and negligible damage to 4 ships. There was nothing else like it in the whole of World War II. Our fleet now headed westward, hoping to bring the main Japanese fleet to action. On the afternoon of the 20th our search planes made contact with the enemy, and, immediately, heavy strikes took off from our carriers. The enemy force was at extreme range. Late in the day, our air groups struck, sinking 1 enemy carrier and 2 fleet tankers, and inflicting heavy damage on 2 carriers and lighter damage on 1 battleship, 1 carrier, and 1 destroyer. Our losses amounted to only 23 planes. With darkness practically upon them, our pilots started back to their carriers 300 miles away. The returning planes had difficulty in locating their carriers in the darkness, and many ran out of gasoline after reaching our fleet. It was our responsibility to make a decision, either to remain in darkness secure from enemy submarine and air attack, or give our fliers a better chance to land by lighting up the carriers. We chose the latter. Searchlights and flares enabled many pilots to land, but a total of 80 planes were obliged to make crash landings on the water. Our cruisers and destroyers managed to rescue 90 per cent of the personnel from those planes. The Battle of the Philippine Sea broke the Japanese effort to reinforce Saipan. It gave us control of the eastern portion of the Philippine Sea and ensured that our later landings on Guam and Tinian could go through without further Japanese naval opposition. The task force that was sent was stronger than the Japanese could afford to lose, yet too weak for the task assigned to it. It consisted of at least 4 capital ships and half a dozen carriers. The only way the Japanese could have accomplished their objective of crippling our landing coverage was to score a sudden, spectacular, surprise attack. The Japanese commander attempted just this. While still remote from his goal, he launched his planes at extreme range, timing their departure so that they arrived at the scene of action at the same time that Jap planes from the Marianas went into action. The Japanese had banked on two things to give success to their venture, neither of which, to the Jap's dismay, was realized. The enemy had counted on the prolonged bombardment in which the American ships would expend their supplies of fuel and ammunition. They had also counted on being able to use the fields on Guam and Rota to refuel and re-arm their planes. U.S. carrier planes neutralized the fields at Guam and Rota, and the U.S. fleet still had plenty of ammunition and more than enough fuel left to pursue the Japanese task force for two days. Consisting of a staggering array of tankers, ammunition ships, escort carriers, tugs, storeships, and other auxiliaries, Service Squadron Six put to sea and met the Fighting Fleets at specified rendezvous a few hundred miles from the battle areas. There they quickly refueled and re-supplied the fleets, enabling them to wheel about and strike the foe again&mdash;thus adding consternation to chaos. Many "determining factors" are being credited with turning the tide of battle; but few will dispute that the great element in our overwhelming naval power was the mobility and staying power supplied by "Servron Six." Actually the Fleet Train is not a new idea; since 1916, the Navy has had a Fleet Auxiliary for such purposes. It was not until this war however that the Fleet Servrons have been developed to a point where combat ships can operate almost indefinitely at sea. These models, developed by the Hydrographic Office of the Navy in cooperation with the Bureau of Aeronautics, were first used by pilots in preparing for air attacks. The pilot could rehearse an approach from his assigned angle sliding his hands or a model of his type of plane in and out of the valleys and dropping "bombs" on his objective. He could actually get the "feel" of the land. Commanding officers in the field soon began to use these models to familiarize all their personnel with their objectives. In landing operations, photos of an accurate model of a stretch of coastline taken from an angle which enabled beaches, cliffs, rocks, and other important landmarks to be recognized promptly from sea level, were issued to every landing craft taking troops ashore. Construction of terrain models is based on information derived principally from maps, aerial photographs: and ground information such as Hydrographic Office charts, Army and Navy Intelligence data, and guide books. Models are divided into types according to their scale. Those at scales smaller than 1 to 20,000, presenting an accurate reproduction of the coastline, and indicating the general character of the terrain under consideration, are called Planning Terrain Models and are useful for over-all planning tactics. For planning air attacks, models at 1 to 25,000 or 1 to 50,000 are most useful. Since hardly any detail can be shown at small scale, the result is actually a three dimensional relief map, representing the geological form of the area with its most outstanding features such as rivers, railways or towns indicated. Assault models are larger in scale, ranging up to 1 to 5,000. Target, or Low-Level Models, are used to brief pilots in strafing or bombing attacks on specific enemy installations. They are large models, 1 to 5,000 or larger, and show details of combat terrain. Buildings and military installations appear as they are actually related to one another. Mobile objectives, guns, ships, planes, and the like, their position determined by daily aerial reconnaissance, can be placed on the model to show their latest disposition. These models in addition to the Navy's maps and charts, have had a profound effect on invasion strategy. The destruction of airfield facilities on Guam and on Rota, as well as the neutralization of more distant bases, gave us uncontested control of the air. Troops were landed on Guam on 21 July 1944. The beach conditions were poor, and the surf running high. Landing craft were forced to transfer their personnel to "Ducks" and "Alligators" to accomplish the scheduled landings. The assault waves, however, did land on schedule. There were two simultaneous landings, east and south of Apra Harbor. Resistance on the beaches consisted chiefly of mortar and small arms fire, the bombardment having knocked out enemy heavy guns. Heaviest enemy opposition was encountered in the Apra Harbor area proper. Then the troops pushed inland and drove the Japanese to the northern end of the island. After overcoming stubborn enemy resistance our forces were able to claim possession of the island by 10 August 1944. This move brought United States forces to the western extremity of New Guinea. It effectively neutralized New Guinea for enemy operations and rendered the Japanese more vulnerable to air attack in Halmahera, and the Molukka passage, and Makassar Strait. Due to the absence of roads, most enemy transport was necessarily water borne. Here United States' PT boats operated and did admirable work, roaming east and west along the coast, harassing enemy barge traffic, and preventing reinforcements from being put ashore. So well-planned and unexpected was the attack, and so wrecked was the Luftwaffe by the battering it had received on the Normandy front, that the enemy air opposition which had been so strong in the previous Mediterranean landings did not materialize. As a result our naval carrier-based air, which had been assigned to give air protection to the bombardment and landing ships during the operation, found itself with a new unexpected role. Just as they were already proving in the Pacific that carrier-based land and Marine planes in force could completely sweep even the enemy's land-based planes from the air, in the Southern France operation they now proved that they could wreck enemy forts, demolish his railroad and motor vehicle transport, and totally disrupt his transport and communications. Originally it had been planned to do much of this air work by land-based planes from the island of Corsica and airfields seized in Southern France. But the difficulties of operating land-based planes from Corsica, at ranges of from 100 to 300 miles from the rapidly changing front, demonstrated the tremendous advantages of the carrier planes which operated from only 30 miles offshore and moved along the coast as the armies progressed. In two task groups totaling but nine British and American escort carriers, the carriers began operation on D-day with reconnaissance and attack of enemy positions, combined with their important function of spotting for the bombardment ships. The carrier planes were intended to do this work at 6,000 feet altitude, but low clouds and poor visibility forced them often to operate only a few hundred feet above the enemy positions. Their excellent spotting enabled the bombardment ships to wipe out the enemy coastal guns with pinpoint accuracy, and their reconnaissance revealed almost every aspect of the enemy's positions and movements. With no enemy air opposition except a few enemy planes which were downed far inland, the carrier planes took up their new role of destroying enemy forts, railroads, bridges, trains, and motor vehicle concentrations. Navy Hellcat fighters with bombs, rockets, and bullets smashed at everything enemy in sight. In a swoop at one enemy fort, four Hellcats dropped four 500-pound bombs within the 50-foot square fortifications without a miss. They pounded locomotives and cars with rockets, and strafed enemy troops with bullets; they knocked out bridges and highways and motor vehicle convoys deep behind the lines. One carrier pilot even skip-bombed a tunnel entrance almost at tree-top level. The results were spectacular. Within some 15 days of operation, some 100 planes from the 4 carriers of task group 88.2 alone accounted for 9 enemy planes, wrecked 1389 trucks and other motor vehicles, destroyed or immobilized 57 locomotives and 395 railroad cars, damaged 17 bridges and made 61 cuts in railroad tracks and highways, smashed 6 railroad roundhouses and train sheds, hit a fort, destroyed 7 gun emplacements and neutralized 4 more, and wiped out 22 fuel tanks and 2 ammunition dumps. With such terrific damage and disruption around and in their rear German resistance became demoralized. Marseilles and Toulon fell on August 29, and the triumphant armies swept on into France with the carrier planes still striking deep ahead of them up the Rhone valley. It was almost the speediest of all the land invasions. But for direct air support even more significant was the superiority of carrier-based planes, operating from mobile flight decks close inshore and moving as the land troops moved, over landbased planes operating from fixed airstrips far behind the rapidly changing front. On September 14, the First Marine division, supported by naval and surface units, landed on the island. The ground opposition was stiff, and not until October 12 was it announced that organized resistance on Peleliu had ceased. Even then, many Japs fought on in numerous caves which had been concrete reinforced and supplied with food, ammunition, and guns. Since hand grenades and flame throwers would not penetrate the winding underground passages, caves that had been cleaned of Japs on one day would sometimes prove to be filled with them the next. On October 18, the Army relieved the Marines, but not until November 27 was the island declared secure. Peleliu's principal value was as a stepping stone for aircraft between the Marianas, New Guinea, and the Philippines. The Japanese had built a good airport on the island, and this was converted for the use of the United States. It was in Greenland that the Coast Guard established a patrol and ultimately destroyed Weather Stations which the Germans had set up there, depriving our foes of advanced weather information on the European battle fronts. As the war progressed Coast Guardsmen who had gained invaluable experience in the handling of small boats in surf, were sent to man the strange new landing craft which the transports first carried to Guadalcanal. Later these men helped land the Marines and Army in the Gilberts, the Marianas, the Marshalls, the Admiralties, on New Guinea, in the Halmaheras, the Carolines, the Philippines, and finally at Iwo Jima and Okinawa. They also manned landing craft at the invasions in North Africa, Sicily, Italy, Normandy, and Southern France. Continuing the life saving tradition of the Coast Guard, thousands of lives were saved when troop ships were torpedoed in the Atlantic, and on D-day in Normandy the 83 footers saved nearly 1500 lives. Meanwhile at home new recruits, Temporary Reservists and Spars were freeing the fighting Coast Guard from home security patrols. As beach patrols relaxed in 1944, with the driving of the German submarines farther from our shores, thousands of these fighting men were released to man Navy attack transports, destroyer escorts, frigates, LST's, LCI(L)'s, and Army freight and service boats and tugs that were coming down the shipways. Coast Guardsmen were fighting off submarine attacks in the Mediterranean or shooting down Japanese suicide planes in the Pacific. Some of them died but more of them piloted thousands of Marine and U.S. Army troops safely to enemy-held beaches. Their deeds of heroism are legion. While nearly half the 173,000 Coast Guardsmen were in the thick of battle, the other half were performing equally important if less spectacular tasks at home and abroad. It was the Coast Guard that built and manned LORAN stations on many a lonely island in the Pacific. As the offensive mounted, hundreds of newly garrisoned islands had to be serviced by Coast Guard manned Army boats. At home the millions of tons of newly constructed merchant shipping were being inspected by the Coast Guard, their officers licensed and their seamen certificated while merchant marine hearing units, established throughout the world, aided merchant marine personnel. The lights on our coasts had to be blacked out or dimmed. Ice was broken on the Great Lakes to permit earlier spring movements of iron ore to the steel mills. Thousands of vessels were loaded with explosives under expert Coast Guard supervision. Shipyards were guarded and waterfront property protected from sabotage and fire. Finally with the upsurge of ocean flying, Air-Sea Rescue called for Coast Guard planes and cutters. "On the eve of the return of the Coast Guard to the Treasury" said a recent message from the Chief of Naval Operations "I desire to commend the officers and men of the Coast Guard for their superb performance of duty throughout the war." Ranking alongside atomic energy, radar has emerged as one of the greatest discoveries of the war. So valuable was the discovery, our security regulations prohibited publication of any information concerning it or even public mention of the word "radar." The Navy soon realized the value of the "all seeing eye" and has led the way in the development of radar equipment and techniques. All combatant ships of the U.S. Fleet were equipped with radar devices and specially qualified experts to operate them. These sets made it possible for our surface vessels to detect the presence of enemy aircraft more than a hundred miles away. The Germans were aware of the military value of radar and set up huge stations along the French Coast in Normandy and the Pas de Calais to intercept allied bombers. The Japanese also employed radar, although it is conceded that their sets were inferior to those of the United States. Today the Navy is continuing radar research and is converting its principles to peacetime uses. The white streaks in the center of the picture are star shells, being fired over the Japanese positions to outline them. The thin white streak in the upper right section of the picture is also star shells. Horizontal white streaks and also the straight lines going diagonally right are tracer bullets. The horizontal lines across the foreground by the hill are the lights of a jeep enroute to the movie. The projection booth may be seen in the lower right section. The irregular curving white light across the bottom is made by a flashlight carried by a spectator bound for the show. The incident took place on Peleliu Island in October, 1944. After much fighting, whence the name "Bloody Nose," American forces took the ridge. Clad only in swimming trunks, members of these teams swam into action&mdash;braving enemy fire and sharks to clear out natural or man-made obstacles located off the beaches or in the surf where future American landings were to occur. From Normandy in the Atlantic to Balikpapan in the Pacific, they led the way, blasting the sea roads clear of barriers. These photographs depict the various steps in the operations followed by the "warriors in trunks." The work of the "demos" was vital to the success of landing operations. Because of the nature of their work this branch of the service was one of the most closely guarded secrets of the war. The sacrifices of the UDT men, amounting to as many as 40 percent casualties at Normandy, kept down the casualties among the fighters who arrived on D-Day and after. They obtained information concerning mines, obstructions, and the nature of beaches where future American operations were to take place. They eliminated beach defenses when necessary. On several occasions the Japanese declared that the first American assault wave had been repulsed. Actually the "demos" had paid them a visit, so that when the first wave actually did come, it came to stay. The salvage teams inherit the job of raising these ships, not only to clear the harbor for shipping, but to re-use the sunken ships. Mostly the ships as such are useless, but as scrap they help feed the great steel mills back home in their steady business of grinding out new ships, guns, and shells. Salvage work is dangerous, for sometimes a wily enemy will scuttle ships and affix underwater booby traps in an effort to prevent salvage. One of these facilities was the floating drydock. Some floating dry docks, constructed in sections, were capable when tied together of accommodating the largest battleships afloat. A ship wounded in action was towed or limped back under its own steam to the drydocks where repairs were made. Sometimes a ship could come out of a floating drydock ready for the line again, sometimes the drydock merely made such repairs as would permit the ship to reach an anchorage and a ship repair unit, or come back to Pearl Harbor. In the event that further repairs were needed, the drydock enabled the cripple to reach the final repair base much quicker than otherwise, and much valuable time was saved. It was between 23 and 26 October,1944, that the Jap made his great challenge to our landings in the Philippines. During that period major naval and air actions occurred, actions that involved our carriers and battleships, cruisers and destroyers, submarines and PT boats. There were three enemy forces to be dealt with. The first of these included 2 battleships, 1 heavy cruiser, and 4 destroyers. This force approached Leyte through Surigao Strait, and on the night of 24-25 October came into contact with units of our Seventh Fleet. In anticipation of the enemy's arrival, the Seventh Fleet was deployed in and at the mouth of the strait, so that when the Japanese had steamed into the trap, they found themselves in the stem of a "T" crossed by American cruisers and battleships, and flanked by light forces. In naval terminology, to be the stem of a "T" is to be caught in a hopeless position. Our heavy units pounded the dismayed Japs with big guns while destroyers launched fierce torpedo attacks. It was grim irony for the Japs. They were being sunk that night by our old battleships that they had "destroyed" at Pearl Harbor. The outcome of that encounter was decisive. Only one enemy destroyer escaped to meet defeat again. Only one of our ships, a destroyer, sustained damage. While the enemy's Southern Force was being destroyed, the second force, to be known as the Central Force, was passing through San Bernardino Strait. Already it had been reduced in size, but still it came on. On the 23rd two of our submarines had intercepted this force off Palawan when it consisted of 5 battleships, to heavy cruisers, 1 or 2 light cruisers, and about 15 destroyers. Our subs attacked and sank 2 heavy cruisers and seriously damaged another. That same afternoon, carrier planes from our Third Fleet sighted the third, or Northern, enemy force north of Luzon. It was decided that our fast carrier task groups should intercept this force, and so, that night we steamed northward. Dawn found the enemy's Central Force coming through San Bernardino Strait and down upon the 7th Fleet escort carriers and screens which were in three groups off Samar. An engagement followed with this enemy, at that time composed of 4 battleships, 5 cruisers, and 11 destroyers. Our lightly armed carriers retired, striking back at this formidable enemy with unexcelled courage. After more than two and one-half hours of struggle the enemy broke off the engagement, and withdrew in the direction of San Bernardino Strait. Planes of the escort carriers and the Third Fleet struck the Central Force that afternoon, sinking 2 enemy heavy cruisers and 1 destroyer. Again on the 26th our planes attacked the depleted force and inflicted severe damage that resulted in several sinkings. Our losses in action with the Central Force amounted to one escort carrier and 2 destroyers sunk by surface fire, and approximately 105 planes. That same morning to the north our Third Fleet commenced launching air attacks, and continued striking the Northern Force until 1800 that evening. By the end of the day this enemy force of 1 large carrier, 3 light carriers, 2 battleships with flight decks, 5 cruisers, and 6 destroyers was but a ghost. It was a "fleet out of being." Throughout the Luzon campaign U.S. forces were aided by Philippine guerrillas, men of the Philippines who fought the Japanese from the day the enemy invaded their homeland until the last Japanese soldier in the islands had surrendered or was killed. Once in China it became apparent that to achieve our primary mission, that of establishing weather and intelligence units whose reports would be of value to American forces in the Pacific and Asia, it would be necessary to train and equip Chinese guerrillas and to set up and maintain the many and varied establishments that such an undertaking would require. It was a long, progressive task that improved until victory was finally realized. By the end of 1942 our Weather Central near Chungking, with the cooperation of the Chinese Government, was sending regular weather reports from many occupied areas in the Far East to the U.S. Fleet. China assigned substantial undercover forces to protect American observers. Navy, Marine Corps, and Coast Guard personnel participated in the training and equipping of roughly 30,000 Chinese. 50,000 more were trained but due to lack of "hump" transportation allowances they could not be equipped. With American equipment and American participation in the raids they became the best organized and most effective of all Chinese guerrillas. From the administrative offices of the India Unit in Calcutta all American personnel were flown into China. From early 1942 until the Stilwell road was completed, everything that went into the project, books, radio equipment, jeeps, guns, mines, gasoline, and other essentials had to come into China over the "Hump" by air as part of the monthly 150-ton allocation assigned to our project. With these materials SACO units set up weather, communications, and intelligence stations all the way from the border of Indo-China to the northern reaches of the Gobi Desert. Much of the concentration of activities was located along the China Coast behind the north-south Japanese lines. While it was sometimes possible to enter or depart from some portions of Jap-held territory by air, SACO Americans became adept at Chinese disguises and, guided by SACO Chinese, they slipped safely through enemy lines whenever and wherever they chose. Through months and years only 3 Americans from SACO were captured. Chinese and American personnel lived, worked and fought side by side, knowing that they were the most important source of essential intelligence in China for the prowling U.S. Fleet and for our submarines just off the coast. Fleet operations in the Western Pacific made the most of SACO weather reports, especially in planning and executing hazardous carrier strikes despite the treacherous weather conditions prevailing near Formosa and the Japanese home islands. The 14th Air Force at all times benefited from SACO activity. Much of its intelligence emanated from the American Navy in China. Facts concerning Japanese troop movements, supply concentrations, airfield developments, bridges, and other strategic targets reached 14th Air Force Headquarters from SACO-manned stations, and the hard-hitting Army fliers used this information to great advantage. Directed by SACO forces, aerial mining of the China Coast and vital inland water routes was effected. A principal achievement of these mining operations combined with SACO coast watchers was to force Jap shipping far out to sea, where it fell into the ambushes of U.S. submarines. The Chinese guerrillas trained in 12 SACO camps made a fine record in their offensive against Japanese units. Killing 3 Japs to every guerrilla lost, they are credited with wiping out more than 2,000 Japanese a month in 1945. Sabotage units developed and carried out extensive operations against Japanese establishments. During the war SACO, working with our own Chinese rescue agencies, rescued 76 fliers forced down in China. The success of our mission in China is attributable to the over 2,500 volunteers of the U.S. Navy, Marine Corps, and Coast Guard who served in SACO, and to the close relationship that existed there between U.S. Naval personnel and the Chinese. Our heavy bombing program was suffering serious losses from the lack of a base between Japan and the hard-won airfields in the Marianas. Enemy bombers were being shuttled south through Iwo to bomb the B-29 bases. Iwo radar was making wide, gas consuming detours necessary for the raiding bombers. The planned assault on the Ryukyu islands could not be undertaken until Iwo Jima with its airfields was captured. The Fifth Amphibious Corps, comprising the Fourth and Fifth Marine Divisions with the Third Division in reserve, was picked for the assault. While the Marianas were being built up after their capture in the summer of 1944 and while the Fifth Corps trained and rehearsed for the February landing, the enemy on Iwo was working night and day to perfect his installations. Through aerial photographs his progress was studied. The Army and Navy increased their air and surface ship bombardments of the island. Prior to D-Day the Army had flown bombing missions for seventy-two days against Iwo, and the air photos finally showed a terrain so pocked with bomb and shell craters that it resembled the surface of the moon. Three days of intensive naval gunfire immediately preceded the landing. But Lieutenant General Kuribayashi, the Japanese commander, knew his business. On the 19th he was ready and waiting for our assault troops. At 0900 the first waves landed, the Fourth Division on the right half of the two mile landing beach, the Fifth Division on the left. Following closely our rolling barrage, the first waves landed with minor opposition. But men and vehicles bogged down in the soft volcanic ash, the steep grade impeded progress, and the enemy opened up. Artillery, mortars, rockets, and coast defense guns, all cunningly concealed and emplaced in depth throughout the island, opened with a tremendous concentration on the beach. To the Marines coming ashore that day the beach was as the stage of a huge amphitheatre with the enemy looking down on them from all the seats. It was a rough spot. Men and tanks labored in their frontal assault. Concentrated enemy fire, directed by observers on both flanks, took a serious toll of incoming boats and beached supplies. Boats were wrecked in the surf, blown up by direct hits, supply and ammunition dumps disappeared in shattering explosions. But the stream of supplies never stopped, and the assault troops moved steadily forward. By nightfall there were 30,000 men ashore, armed and supplied. Suribachi had been isolated from the rest of the island, and we were ready for a counterattack. But the enemy had learned a lot in three years and there would be no suicidal Banzai charges breaking themselves&mdash;and the backbone of the island defense&mdash; against the taut battleline of Marines. The reserve&mdash;the Third Marine Division less one Regimental Combat Team&mdash;was committed on the third day of the battle. Suribachi was taken, the Flag raised at its summit, on the fifth day. With the Fourth Division as a pivot, the Corps swung right to the north and advanced three divisions abreast. Using every cave and crevice, taking skillful advantage of a year's preparation for just such an attack, the enemy forced the Fifth Amphibious Corps to fight a bitter and deadly frontal assault. Not until March 16 was the island secured. In that time some 60,000 Marines had fought at Iwo, the greatest concentration of troops for the area involved in the history of modern warfare and the largest force of Marines ever to be committed in a single battle. In the words of Fleet Admiral Nimitz, Iwo Jima was the battle "where uncommon valor was a common virtue." Of the force engaged over 20,000 were killed or wounded, but before the end of the war over 3,000 B-29's had landed at Iwo. The bulk of them, with their ten man crews, would have been lost without the haven of Iwo. American equipment, bogged down in the volcanic ash sands, was caught in a cross-fire from hidden Jap positions. The "alligators," however, were able to creep forward through the destruction and consequently assumed a more important role than is usual in a beach head assault. The difficult terrain and the ferocity with which the Japanese fought from their entrenched positions contributed to make the battle of Iwo Jima one of the bloodiest assaults ever attempted by the Marines. The U.S. Navy first felt the effect of these Nazi secret weapons when its base in South London was blasted by the V-1 "buzz-bomb." A Naval technical mission made a study of the V-1 and V-2 to determine which German techniques could be incorporated into its guided missile program. The V-1 was a flying bomb, motivated by an oxygen-fed jet propulsion unit, and achieved a speed of upwards of 450 miles per hour. The larger V-2 pictured here in launching position, was actually a rocket. At the peak of its trajectory it reached an altitude of 70 miles, and as it hurtled back to earth, attained a speed of over 3,000 miles per hour. Neither of these weapons could be aimed at specific targets, but were directed at large metropolitan areas as nuisance devices. German scientists were also working on other fantastic and deadly weapons, including an atomic bomb, all of which came under the purvieu of the Naval Technical Mission. The mission also made a thorough study of synthetic training devices. But the Navy took these oriental customs in stride, for strangers with strange customs are not new to the Navy. It is the Navy which through the years has carried the American flag and American prestige to far-away foreign lands. The Third Amphibious Corps was initially assigned the securing of the northern half of the island. Negligible opposition was encountered in the landings and the advance inland. By nightfall a beachhead eight miles wide and three miles deep had been established by the Tenth Army. Enemy opposition stiffened as the advance progressed. The enemy's use of artillery was accelerated and counter-attacks at night were frequently employed. The final drive for the northern tip of the island was marked by savage fighting on Motobu Peninsula. Here it was mountain warfare of the most rugged sort. Infantry combat was at short ranges, and cave and pillbox positions demanded heavy employment of flamethrowers and demolitions. Final success was achieved only after execution of vigorous bayonet assaults. By April 19th, the entire northern half of the island was secured, although patrol action continued in order to mop-up remnants of the enemy forces. The XXIV Corps, which had fought its way south, was stopped by an elaborate defense line drawn across the island near its southern end from Naha, capital city of Okinawa, to Shuri, and then to Yonabaru. The enemy plan of defense was based on the natural barriers afforded by the Asa River in the Naha sector, and the rugged and dominating terrain masses in the Shuri and Yonabaru areas. At the end of April, the Third Amphibious Corps moved into the sector to the right or west of the XXIV Corps. The First Marine Division moved into the Machinato Airfield area just north of the Asa River on May 1. On May 9 the Sixth Marine Division moved into the lines above the Asa River on the extreme right flank. During the period from May 3 to 5, the Japanese made a strong counterattack, using land, sea, and air forces. Several heavy attacks were made against our main line while strong raiding parties landed behind our positions on both coasts. Every enemy counterattack and infiltration attempt was repulsed. The enemy defenses were so tough and deep that they were dubbed the "Pacific's Siegfried Line." Massed artillery protected their installation&mdash;log bunkers and concrete pillboxes and natural fortifications. The Japs were burrowed in caves with connecting tunnels far beneath the surface. In the pre-dawn darkness of May 10 the Asa River was bridged at a point about a mile from Naha. The next day Marines were in the outskirts of the capital. Lashing out at night the Japs drove the Marines back 200 yards across a valley before the Marines rallied and smashed the assault. Grenades were tossed about like baseballs, and the dead were strewn on both sides of the valley. In furious fighting around "Sugar Loaf Hill," a strategic mound guarding the approaches to Naha, severe and heavy casualties were suffered by the Marines. This hill was assaulted 11 times before the Marines were able to make their way down the other side. Meanwhile, after 11 days of rain had turned the terrain into a quagmire, hampering our supply problem, the Japs moved their troops to the east side of Shuri, in belief that the approaches to their positions were impenetrable. On May 29, the First Marine Division captured Shuri Castle. This permitted the Japanese to be outflanked and soon the entire Shuri position was wiped out. In a quick amphibious maneuver below Naha, the Sixth Marine Division landed behind the Jap lines and fought their way to the airfield on June 6. Next day they overran the field, and struck south-eastward toward a juncture with the First Marine Division. For their final desperate stand, the Japs consolidated the remnants of their force on Yaeju-Dake, an escarpment about 3,000 yards long and 600 feet high. A frontal assault against this was met with furious resistance. One by one the enemy's positions on vital ridges in the sector were outflanked and taken. The Eighth Regimental Combat Team of the Second Marine Division was brought into action and helped the final drive to the sea. Organized resistance on Okinawa was at an end by June 21. From Okinawa flew all types of aircraft, driving the final wedge into the Japanese innermost defenses, and setting up the invasion which was fortunately proved unnecessary. The Okinawa operation was from many standpoints, the most difficult ever undertaken by U.S. forces in the Pacific. Okinawa was defended by 120,000 Japanese, and its proximity to the home islands of Japan presented the American forces with the problem of combating a great part of Japan's airpower. Many of the Japanese planes materialized in the form of Kamikaze (suicide) attacks. The Jap fliers were known to men of the fleet as the Katzenjammer kids. It was the job of the U.S. carrier planes, fleet guns, and later, when airfields on Okinawa were secured, Marine land-based planes to intercept and destroy this formidable foe whose efforts to break up the American operation were fantastically fierce. With field artillery instead of the traditional guns of battleships and cruisers providing the fire cover and support, the small amphibious craft scurried back and forth, up and down German's historic waterway taking the conquering Allied forces into the heart of Nazi power. More than once the Japanese concentrated against the "TI," and finally succeeded in putting her out of action. On January 21, 1945, while operating off the coast of Formosa, the big "T" was hit by two suicide planes within half an hour. Tokyo announced another carrier "instantaneously sunk," but brave and courageous crew members put out the fires and saved the ship. She returned to a West Coast Navy Yard, where inspired workmen had her back with the Fleet before the end of the war. With the typical Japanese proclivity for imitation, he quickly applied the U.S. political axiom, "If you can't stop 'em, join 'em" to his own ends, and, while not joining the Marines, he worked with them, faithfully and well. His knowledge of Japanese positions, of Japanese camouflage methods, and of tactical deployment enabled him to make invaluable contributions to Marine air strikes. This was particularly true during the Philippine invasion, where Naval and Marine planes provided most of the air cover for General MacArthur's men. During the early weeks, when the foot soldiers were slowly winning control of Leyte, there were no fields for Army shore-based aircraft, other than tactical aircraft, to operate from. Strategic bombing raids on other islands were conducted by carrier based aircraft and by Marine bombers, until such time as the infantry had won a foothold for the heavy bombers of the Far Eastern Air Force. But with the advent of greater air transports and seaplanes with long flying ranges its importance was lessened. An attempt to retake Wake after its capture by the Japanese, immediately following the attack on Pearl Harbor, was never made. Our forces, concentrating their full fighting fury on objectives of greater importance in the south Pacific, were supplied by well integrated systems of transport that had no need of this remote island. Wake was spared a direct onslaught by our forces. The Japanese, though, had visions of transforming isolated Wake into a major air base from which their aircraft could take off to harass American convoys. Their visions were never realized. Navy carrier-based planes carrying out bombing expeditions at frequent intervals, wrecked enemy installations as soon as they were painstakingly erected. On 14 March 1945, the carrier force proceeded toward Japan proper to seek out and destroy those Japanese units based on the home island of Kyushu. This was to be the first of many strikes at the home islands planned as a measure to divert attention, and naval and air strength, from the Okinawa invasion. With the victorious end of the Okinawa operation, the Navy offensive against the Japanese homeland mounted in intensity. Combining deception and relentless pressure, the Third Fleet carrier and surface forces pounded the Empire. Japanese losses during the war included 12 battleships, 15 carriers, 4 escort carriers, 15 heavy cruisers, 1 old heavy cruiser, 20 light cruisers, 126 destroyers, and 125 submarines. But the Nip Navy was not the only target. Our surface groups bombarded the coast wherever good targets could be found; steel mills were demolished by 16" shells, car ferries and fishing fleets were sunk, locomotives were destroyed and industries wrecked. The bombardments brought home to millions of Japs the fact that they were powerless to stop us and were doomed. No single factor contributed more than the bombardments in informing the Japanese people of the truth so long held from them&mdash;that the war was lost. And mark you! Japan sued for peace before the atomic bomb hit Hiroshima and before Russia entered the Pacific war. What additional convincing of this fact was required was provided by the U.S. Third Fleet, which appeared off the Japanese Coast line, steaming from one end to the other. Carrier aircraft struck here, there, and everywhere. Japanese ships holed up in the Naval Bases were sunk at anchorage or smashed, together with the dry docks in which they were berthed. U.S. surface ships came close ashore to pump shells into steel plants and other important industries. Inland railroad trestles, car ferries, bridges were blown up by dive bombers. Japan urgently required an excuse. Early in August she was provided two excuses. The atom bomb was delivered to Hiroshima in a roar of destruction. Almost simultaneously mighty Russia declared war and her victorious armies marched into Manchuria. Sailors, Marines and doughboys knew this was the event signalling the early end of the war. As a prelude to the main and final objective, the invasion of Japan, the preliminary bombings and bombardments were stepped up. Our secret weapon, the atomic bomb, was used, first against the military targets and industries at Hiroshima, later against the munitions plants and repair yards at Nagasaki. Our ally Russia entered the war in Manchuria; China, armed with lend-lease supplies, began new drives against the enemy. When the Japanese delivered their message of acceptance of the Potsdam Ultimatum on 14 August, the Third Fleet was ready with plans for occupation, and the unprecedented operation was executed smoothly. The official instrument of surrender was presented to the Japanese representatives by General of the Army MacArthur at Manila on 19 August. This instrument provided for the capitulation of the Imperial General Staff, and the surrender of all ground, sea, and air commanders of the Islands of Japan, the Philippine Islands, and the Southern parts of Korea to the Commander-in-Chief, United States Army Forces, Pacific; the surrender of all land, sea, air, and auxiliary force commanders in the Japanese mandated islands was to be made to the Commander-in-Chief, United States Pacific Fleet. The first units of the United States Third Fleet, after being delayed for two days by a typhoon, moved into Sagami Bay, southwest of Tokyo Bay, on 27 August in the first step of the occupation. Even before the formal surrender of the Japanese government, the enemy commanders of Marcus Island and of Mille atoll in the Marshall Islands had capitulated to American forces. The largest scale island surrender came shortly after the beginning of the occupation of the main Japanese Islands. The commander of the 31st Japanese Army committed the islands of Truk, Wake, the Palaus, Mortlock, Mille Ponape, Kusaie, Jaluit, Maleolap, Wotje, Enderby, Mereyon, Rota, and Pagan to the United States. On Truk alone the surrender involved 130,000 Japanese military personnel. While the naval and air forces of Japan were either destroyed or rendered impotent by our sea-air blockade, her army was still more than 4 million strong and better trained, and larger than at the time of the initial attack at Pearl Harbor. Never before in the history of warfare has there been a more convincing example of the effectiveness of sea power than when, despite this undefeated, well armed, and highly efficient army, Japan surrendered her homeland unconditionally to the enemy without even a token resistance. The devastation wrought by past bombings plus the destruction of the atomic bombs spelled nothing less than extinction for Japan. The bases from which these attacks were launched&mdash;Saipan, Iwo Jima, and Okinawa&mdash;were to have been the spring boards for the mightiest sea-borne invasion yet conceived by man. The "fighting fleets" of the United States which had made possible every invasion victory for America and her allies were ready and waiting. The Japanese had two alternatives; to fight and face destruction, or to surrender. The Imperial Japanese Empire chose to surrender. We, acting by command of and in behalf of the Emperor of Japan, the Japanese Government and the Japanese Imperial General Headquarters, hereby accept the provisions set forth in the declaration issued by the heads of the Governments of the United States, China and Great Britain on 26 July 1945, of Potsdam, and subsequently adhered to by the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics, which four powers are hereafter referred to as the Allied Powers. We hereby proclaim the unconditional surrender to the Allied Powers of the Japanese Imperial General Headquarters and of all Japanese armed forces and all armed forces under Japanese control wherever situated. We hereby command all Japanese forces wherever situated and the Japanese people to cease hostilities forthwith, to preserve and save from damage all ships, aircraft,and military and civil property and to comply with all requirements which may be imposed by the Supreme Commander for the Allied Powers or by agencies of the Japanese Government at his direction. We hereby command the Japanese Imperial General Headquarters to issue at once orders to the Commanders of all Japanese forces and all forces under Japanese control wherever situated to surrender unconditionally themselves and all forces under their control. We hereby command all civil, military and naval officials to obey and enforce all proclamations, orders and directives deemed by the Supreme Commander for the Allied Powers to be proper to effectuate this surrender and issued by him or under his authority and we direct all such officials to remain at their posts and to continue to perform their non-combatant duties unless specifically relieved by him or under his authority. We hereby undertake for the Emperor, the Japanese Government and their successors to carny out the provisions of the Potsdam Declaration in good faith, and to issue whatever orders and take whatever action may be required by the Supreme Commander for the Allied Powers or by any other designated representative of the Allied Powers for the purpose of giving effect to that Declaration. We hereby command the Japanese Imperial Government and the Japanese Imperial General Headquarters at once to liberate all allied prisoners of war and civilian internees now under Japanese control and to provide for their protection, care, maintenance and immediate transportation to places as directed. The authority of the Emperor and the Japanese Government to rule the state shall be subject to the Supreme Commander for the Allied Powers who will take such steps as he deems proper to effectuate these terms of surrender. Never before had a once great nation, with its military strength still almost intact, quit so quickly and completely. It was clear-cut, convincing and emphatic evidence of what an independent Navy can do when pitted against a Navy which is used primarily as an auxiliary to an Army. Although both these techniques were developed separately by the Navy, amphibious warfare used and depended heavily upon radar, and many of the new developments of radar were designed specifically for the needs and requirements of amphibious warfare. Freedom to conduct independent research, either in the field of cold science, such as radar and electronics, or in the field of technique, such as amphibious warfare, is credited with providing the United States with the greatest and most fluid fighting machine in history. When the Japs struck at Pearl Harbor, Nimitz was a rear admiral and Chief of the old Bureau of Navigation, now known as the Bureau of Personnel, of the Navy Department. He was named Commander-in-Chief, U. S. Pacific Fleet (CinCPac) and traveled to San Francisco in civilian clothes, his movements shrouded in greatest secrecy. Arriving at Pearl Harbor he found not only the material Navy in shambles, but morale was shattered. He quickly restored morale and set to work to build up the physical equipment for the long haul against the Japanese. He turned to Admiral Halsey, who set out with a carrier task force and delivered the first offensive blows of the war, a hit and run raid on the Marshalls and Gilberts. As the war progressed Admiral Nimitz used Admiral Halsey and Admiral Raymond A. Spruance as his one-two punch. While Halsey operated, Spruance and the Fifth Fleet planned; and while Spruance operated, Halsey and the Third Fleet planned. Rear Admiral Badger was a commander under Halsey in the Third Fleet when the war closed. The system of alternating the two fleet commanders enabled Admiral Nimitz to maintain continuous pressure against the Japs, never once letting up, never giving the enemy a chance to regain his balance from one blow before the next one fell. AGERHOLM, Harold C. (Deceased), Pfc, USMCR, 2nd Division. Marine Corps. Medal won at Tarawa, 20-24 November 1943. ANDERSON, Richard B. (Deceased), Pfc, USMC, 4th Division Marine Corps. Medal won at Kwajalein, 1 February 1944. BAILEY, Kenneth Dillon (Deceased), Major, USMC, Marine Raiders. Marine Corps. Medal won at Guadalcanal, 12-13 September 1943. BASILONE, John (Deceased), Gunnery Sergeant, USMC, 7th Division Marine Corps. Medal won at Guadalcanal, 24-25 October 1942. BAUER, Harold W. (Deceased), Lieutenant Colonel, USMC Air Corps (Fighter). Medal won at Guadalcanal. BAUSELL, Lewis K. (Deceased), Corp., USMC. Medal won at Guam. BORDELON, William James (Deceased), Staff Sgt., USMC. Marine Corps. Medal won at Tarawa. BOYINGTON, Gregory, Lieutenant Colonel, USMC Air Corps. Medal won at South Pacific&mdash;Solomons area. BULKELEY, John Duncan, Commander, USN. PT Boats. Medal won at Philippines. BUSH, Richard E., Corp., USMCR. Medal won at Okinawa. BUSH, Robert Eugene, Ex-Hospital Apprentice 1/c, USNR. USN Hospital Corps, Marines. Medal won at Okinawa. CANNON, George H. (Deceased), First Lieutenant, USMC. Medal won at Sand Island, Midway Islands. DAMATO, Anthony J. (Deceased), Corp., USMC. Medal won at Eniwetok. DUNLAP, Robert Hugo, Captain, USMCR. Medal won at Iwo Jima. DYESS, Aquilla J. (Deceased), Lieutenant Colonel, USMCR. Marine Corps. Medal won at Kwajalein, Marshalls, 2 February 1944. EDSON, Merritt A., Brigadier General, USMC. Medal won at Solomon Islands. EPPERSON, Harold G. (Deceased), Pfc, USMC. Medal won at Tarawa. FINN, John William, Lieutenant, USN. Naval Air Station. Medal won at Honolulu. FLEMING, Richard E. (Deceased), Captain, USMC. Air Corps. Medal won at Battle of Midway. FOSS, Joseph Jacob, Major, USMC Air Corps (Fighter). Medal won in South Pacific&mdash;Solomons area. GALER Robert Edward, Lieutenant Colonel, USMC. Air Corps (Fighter). Medal won over Guadalcanal&mdash;Solomons area. GILMORE, Howard Walter (Deceased) Commander, USN. Submarine Service. Medal won in South-west Pacific. GORDON, Nathan Green, Ex-Lieutenant, USNR. Air Corps (pilot). Medal won at Kavieng Harbor, 15 February 1944. GURKE, Henry (Deceased), Pfc, USMC. Marine Corps. Medal won at Empress Augusta Bay. HALL, William Edward, Ex-Lieutenant, Commander, USNR. Air Corps. Medal won at Coral Sea. HANSON, Robert M. (Deceased), First Lieutenant, USMCR. Fighter pilot, Marine Corps. Medal won near Rabaul, 3 February 1944. HARRELL, William G., Sgt., USMC. Medal won at Iwo Jima. HAWKINS, William Deane (Deceased), First Lieutenant, USMC. Marine Corps. Medal won at Tarawa. HERRING, Rufus G., Lieutenant (jr. grade), USNR. LCI. Medal won at Iwo Jima. HUTCHINS, Johnnie David (Deceased), Seaman, 1/c, USNR. LST-473. Medal won at Lae, New Guinea. JACKSON, Arthur J., Second Lieutenant, USMCR. (Pfc when received medal). Medal won at Peleliu. JACOBSON, Douglas T., Ex-Cor., USMCR. Marine Corps. Medal won at Iwo Jima. JONES, Herbert Charpiot (Deceased), Ensign, USNR. Medal won at Pearl Harbor. JULIAN, Joseph R. (Deceased), Platoon Sergeant, USMCR. Marine Corps. Medal won at Iwo Jima. KRAUS, Richard E. (Deceased), Pfc., USMCR. Marine Corps. Medal won at Peleliu. LUCAS, Jacklyn H., Pfc., USMCR. Marine Corps. Medal won at Iwo Jima. McCAMPBELL, David, Commander, USN. Air Corps (Fighter). Medal won at Philippines. McCARD, Robert H. (Deceased), Gunnery Sgt., USMC. Medal won at Saipan. McCARTHY, Joseph J., Ex-Captain, USMCR. Marine Corps. Medal won at Iwo Jima. McCOOL, Richard Miles, Jr., Lieutenant, USN. LCS-122. Medal won at Okinawa. MASON, Leonard F. (Deceased) Pfc., USMC. Marine Corps. Medal won at Guam. MUNRO, Douglas Albert (Deceased), Signalman 1/c, USCG. Amphibious. Medal won at Guadalcanal. NEW, John Drury (Deceased), Pfc., USMC. Marine Corps. Medal won at Peleliu. O'HARE, Edward Henry (Deceased), Lieutenant Commander, USN. Air Corps. Medal won at Bougainville. OWENS, Robert A. (Deceased) Sgt., USMC. Marine Corps. Medal won at Bougainville. OZBOURN, Joseph W. (Deceased), Private, USMC. Marine Corps. Medal won at Tinian. PAIGE, Mitchell, First Lieutenant, USMC. Marine Corps. Medal won at Solomons Islands. PARLE, John Joseph (Deceased), Ensign, USNR. LST-375. Medal won at Sicily. POPE, Everett, Major, USMC. Marine Corps. Medal won at Peleliu. POWER, John V. (Deceased), First Lieutenant, USMCR. Marine Corps. Medal won at Namur Island&mdash;Marshalls, February 1944. POWERS, John James (Deceased), Lieutenant, USN. Air Corps (Dive-bomber). Medal won in the Pacific. RAMAGE Lawson Paterson, Commander, USN. Submarine Service. Medal won in the Pacific. ROAN, Charles H. (Deceased), Captain, USMC. Marine Corps. Medal won at Peleliu. ROUH, Carlton R., First Lieutenant, USMCR. Marine Corps. Medal won at Peleliu. SHOUP, David M., Colonel, USMC. Marine Corps. Medal won at Tarawa. SIGLER, Franklin E.,Private, USMCR. Medal won at Iwo Jima. SKAGGS, Luther, Jr., Pfc, USMCR. Medal won at Guam. SMITH, John Lucian, Lieutenant Colonel, USMC. Air Corps (Fighter). Medal won at Solomon Islands. SORENSON, Richard K., Sergeant, USMCR. Marine Corps. Medal won at Kwajalein. SWEET, James E., Ex-Major, USMCR. Air Corps (Fighter). Medal won at Guadalcanal. THOMAS, Herbert J. (Deceased), Sergeant, USMC. Marine Corps. Medal won at Bougainville, 7 November 1943. THOMASON, Clyde (Deceased) Sergeant, USMC. Marine Corps. Medal won at Makin. TIMMERMAN, Grant F. (Deceased), Sergeant, USMC. Marine Tanks. Medal won at Saipan. VANDEGRIFT, Alexander A., General, USMC. Marine Corps. Medal won at Guadalcanal. WAHLEN, George Edward, Ex-Pharmacist's Mate 2/c, USNR. USN Hospital Corps. Medal won at Iwo Jima. WALSH, Kenneth Ambrose, Captain, USMC. Air Corps. Medal won in Solomons area. WALSH, William G. (Deceased), Gunnery Sergeant, USMCR. Marine Corps. Medal won at Iwo Jima. WATSON, Wilson D., Ex-Private, USMCR. Medal won at Iwo Jima. WILLIAMS, Hershel W., ex-Corp., USMCR. Medal won at Iwo Jima. WILLIAMS, Jack (Deceased), Pharmacist's Mate 3/c, USNR. Hospital Corps. Medal won at Iwo Jima. WILLIS, John Harlan (Deceased), Pharmacist's Mate 1/c, USN. Hospital Corps, USMC. Medal won at Iwo Jima. WILSON, Louis H., Jr., Major, USMC. Marine Corps. Medal won at Guam. WILSON, Robert L. (Deceased), Pfc., USMC. Marine Corps. Medal won at Tinian. WITEK, Frank P. (Deceased). Pfc, USMCR. Medal won at Guam. In ships and equipment the United States Navy exceeded the total of the world's remaining navies combined. We had 23 battleships, 20 large aircraft carriers, 8 smaller aircraft carriers, 70 escort aircraft carriers, 2 large cruisers, 22 heavy cruisers, 48 light cruisers, 373 destroyers, 365 destroyer escorts, 240 submarines, and a vast number of auxiliary and small ships, such as tenders, mine and patrol craft, and landing craft. In sheer numbers alone our Navy possessed more than 100,000 craft of various types and 40,000 planes. With the surrender of Japan our Navy immediately began to demobilize, both in ships and men. As a peacetime personnel, however, the Navy hopes to retain a force of about 500,000 men and 58,000 officers, plus an additional Marine Corps strength of 100,000 men and officers. Of our ships and weapons, the world's finest at the end of the war, we plan to retain all the best part, either in active combat condition or in a state of reserve. Our active peacetime fleet will consist of 4 battleships, 13 carriers (including three 45,000 ton carriers), 13 escort carriers, 8 heavy cruisers, 20 light cruisers, 139 destroyers, 40 destroyer escorts, 90 submarines, and the necessary auxiliary craft such as tenders, repair ships, dry-docks, mine, patrol and amphibious craft, and approximately 8,000 planes. Our reserve peacetime fleet will consist of 6 battleships, 5 carriers, 9 heavy cruisers, 9 light cruisers, 36 destroyers, and a number of mine and patrol craft. These ships will have partial crews and be kept materially equal to those in the active fleet, requiring only additional personnel to rejoin the active fleet. More than twice the total number of active and reserve ships will be kept in inactive status with caretaker crews, but in such excellent shape that they can be put back into full fighting condition within a few days or weeks at most. Their preservation in such excellent shape will be due to new processes developed by Naval research laboratories. Instead of being preserved with oil or paint, the process by which we tried to preserve our equipment after World War I, our new reserve fleet for the most part will be hermetically sealed. Machinery, even of the most delicate sort, can now be covered airtight by a sprayed-on shield of plastic coatings. The air inside this plastic coating will be dehumidified, and kept dehumidified electrically. Even entire ship's hulls and gun turrets can thus be sealed and dehumidified. However, as important as keeping this equipment in unimpaired state may seem, it is the least important aspect of our Post-War Navy. Too many people think of the Navy in terms of equipment&mdash;of battleships and aircraft carriers and submarines. The Navy is not ships and equipment! The Navy is an organization&mdash;the men and minds that conceive, develop, and then operate those ships and that equipment! If another war comes, we may not use even the latest and best of the ships and weapons we are so carefully preserving today. The ships and weapons of our Navy ten, or even five, years from now may be very different from our ships and weapons of today. As for back as 1916, the U.S. Navy took the lead among the armed forces of the world in the matter of regularly planned scientific research and development by creating the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory. From that beginning has grown the present Office of Research and Inventions, which includes not only the original Naval Research Laboratory, but also the Special Devices Division of the Bureau of Aeronautics of the Navy, and the Office of Patents and Inventions. It is this combination of the Navy's men, ideas, and knowledge working with the top scientists and laboratories of the nation that is an example of what I mean when I say that the Navy is not only equipment, but also an organization of men and minds. From this combination of Navy and Science have emerged in recent years such marvelous discoveries and weapons in the field of war that they might have come directly out of the Arabian Nights. As far back as 1925 the Naval Research laboratory was developing radio controlled craft, including target aircraft (drones) and target ships. In 1939 the Naval Research laboratory was leading the world in government research on atomic energy. In its search for a revolutionary method for propulsion of warships, the Naval Research laboratory developed a liquid thermal process for the separation of uranium isotopes. The laboratory's discoveries were turned over to the Army and later used in one of the Oak Ridge plants manufacturing the atomic bomb. Beginning its study of radar as far back as 1920, the Naval Research laboratory had developed the first effective American radar even before the war. Subsequent research developed radar into one of the foremost American weapons of the war. In addition U.S. naval research perfected the sono-buoy and other sonar devices by which enemy submarines, even though submerged, could be detected and accurately located even at great distances, and then quickly hunted down and exterminated. As far back as 1940 the U.S. Navy had developed a successful pilotless aircraft which, radio controlled and television directed, made a practice torpedo hit on a maneuvering destroyer ten miles away from the controlling plane. A distantly controlled dive bomber was made to plunge accurately into a moving target. Other developments were glider bombs, directed by radio and television; jet-propelled bomb-carrying missiles directed into their targets either by radio or automatic target-seeking devices; and proximity fuses which would explode their missiles when they even came near the enemy target. Another recent development, but already surpassed by later discoveries, was the "Bat" bomb, a robot guided missile containing a radar which sent out radar impulses and then automatically followed the radar echoes home to the target, constantly seeking its enemy regardless of the desperate escape maneuvers of its target. To the long list of developments made by our naval research groups may be added rocket missiles, jet-assisted take-off devices, sonic depth finders, and mechanical firefoam. But all these were weapons, equipment. Equally important was "human engineering"&mdash;the training of the men to operate our weapons and equipment. Such was the objective of the Navy's Special Devices division. As a result more than 500 devices for synthetic training were in use in our Navy before V-J Day. Typical of these was the patrol bomber operational trainer by which, without leaving the ground, men are made masters of all the intricate operations necessary in flying and operating the bomber. In this fantastic device wind directions and forces can be changed, ice or other weather conditions reproduced on order, engine trouble created&mdash;almost every condition reproduced artificially that could occur under actual fighting conditions high in the air. An equally marvelous device, the Link Celestial Navigation Trainer, was developed to do for the navigator what the operational trainer did for the pilot and the bombardier. In it artificial stars are created against an artificial sky, changing landscapes are seen below, ground speed and wind drifts are varied at will, and even the stars blotted out by artificial mist. This is what I mean when I say again that the Navy is an organization&mdash;an organization of men and minds and material&mdash;and not just a collection of ships and guns. It is an organization which intends to insure the nation's security by the creation and operation of whatever weapon or defense the best minds in science can conceive. The atomic bomb has been invented, the atomic age is here. We know that the atomic bomb is capable of, deadly damage to a degree as yet unmeasured. We intend to experiment and ascertain just what the atomic bomb is capable of doing when used by ourselves&mdash;and to devise the best possible defense for ourselves against such bombs when used by enemy powers. The Navy is staging these atomic tests, not for the purpose of substantiating any pre-conceived theory, but for the purpose of learning everything possible that can be learned about the atomic bomb, both offensively and defensively. The Navy is even holding up completion of its mightiest battleship so that all possible discoveries about the atomic bomb can be incorporated into the weapons and defenses of the finished ship. What the future Navy will be like, we cannot say as yet. It may include battleships powered by an atomic plant, protected by unbelievably stout new materials, and firing jet-powered atomic missiles instead of sixteen-inch shells. It may include carriers launching radar and target-directed jet missiles instead of man-piloted airplanes. It may even include submarines of very high speed both surface and submerged, making long voyages far beneath the sea to surface suddenly again off some distant enemy shore to launch their missiles, and then hiding themselves again in the ocean depths against retaliation. But whatever it is like, there will still be a Navy. Until infinitely greater advances are made in air transport than have as yet been envisioned, the world's commerce must still be carried by ocean-going ships, and so too must its armed forces be transported with all their weapons and equipment for the final occupation that must inevitably be made to force a final peace upon an enemy. And neither commerce nor armed forces can be transported over the seas except under the protection of a Navy. Yes, there will still be a Navy. Not necessarily a Navy of battleships, or submarines, or carriers, but a Navy in the sense of what the word Navy truly means&mdash;a mobile organization using the ocean highways, carrying its own defenses against any weapon directed against it by the enemy, and launching from its mobile platform whatever missiles&mdash;rockets, planes, atomic bombs, or anything else&mdash;that the Navy as an organization of men and minds has been able to conceive out of the limitless possibilities of science, research, and endeavor. Navy scientists have now devised a method for preserving ships and the guns, machinery, and other vital organs on ships. Ships are dehumidified, while equipment is sealed in an airtight package. This blue jacket is shown spraying a plastic covering on an MK 49 Gun Director. The gun director has been covered over with a fine mesh netting, which looks very much like a giant spider web. Using an ordinary spray gun, electrically powered, the sailor is spraying a liquid plastic which quickly cools and solidifies. Before he began to package the director, it was cleaned, greased, and oiled. When he has completely covered the webbing, air will be sucked from the package and the gun director will be impervious to weather or the elements. This plastic material had wide wartime uses in packaging material for shipment to the forward areas. "Ring" television is the most powerful of airborne equipment, having a range of over 200 miles at an altitude of 1500 feet. It is mounted in a Martin JM-1. "Bloc" television is a lighter, short-range version fixed in the nose of a Beechcraft JRB. It has a range of 15 to 20 miles. In actual use it has been installed in the nose of remotely controlled missiles, which are then guided by following their progress on a television screen mounted beside the control operator in the plane. Two Japanese vessels were sunk off Bougainville in the initial use of this adaption. The "test" summer dress uniform consists of a white shirt, conventional white trousers, black tie, and old-style white hat. The working uniform consists of shirt and conventional trousers worn with a cap similar to a jockey's cap. 